Are you OK, Kanna?
Yeah, more or less. Sorry to make ya go to such trouble for me, Boss!
Kanna, just leave the rest to us and get yourself somewhere safe.
Wait a sec, you're not tellin' me to retreat from a fight as temptin' as this, are ya?
C'mon, Boss! Let's hurry up and rip these creepy bastards a new one!
Kanna! Are you all right?
Yep, sure am! Thanks, Sakura.
We'll take things from here, Kanna. You should evacuate.
Wait a sec, you're not tellin' me to retreat from a fight as temptin' as this, are ya?
C'mon, Sakura! Let's hurry up and rip these creepy bastards a new one!
Kanna! Are you still with us?
Heh, well, 'course I am! I'm made of sterner stuff than you, after all.
I go to the trouble of rescuing you, and this is my thanks? Clearly it was a mistake to worry about you!
Heheh, YOU, worried about ME?! What's next, flyin' pigs? Wait… I guess we do got flyin' Kouma, don't we?  
Hmph… Another of your tiresome jokes, I see…
Well, sorry I'm so tiresome. But… I guess I do owe you a big one now, don't I?
Then I'll repay ya by gettin' back into the fight. That'll make us even. Deal?
Fine by me. But see that you do not overexert yourself and get injured in the process…
Heh, speak for yourself! Now c'mon, let's rip these creepy bastards a new one!
Kanna, are you all right?
Yeah, more or less. Thanks, Maria.
We can handle things from here. You should evacuate for now.
Wait a sec, you're not tellin' me to retreat from a fight as temptin' as this, are ya?
C'mon, Maria! Let's hurry up and rip these creepy bastards a new one!
Kanna, are you OK?
Yeah, Iris. Thanks a bunch!
…Are you really? We're gonna fight, so you can rest if you want.
Hey now, how can I retreat from a fight as temptin' as this?
Now, c'mon, Iris! Let's hurry up and rip these creepy bastards a new one!
Hey Kanna, you holding up OK?
Sure am, Kohran. Don't you worry about me.
You sure you're OK? We'll take care of these guys, so you can rest up if you want.
Wait a sec, you're not tellin' me to retreat from a fight as temptin' as this, are ya?
C'mon, Kohran! Let's hurry up and rip these creepy bastards a new one!
Kanna, are you doing all right?
Thanks, Orihime!
You can rest easy now that I'm here!
Leave the rest to me, you get yourself somewhere safe!
Hey Orihime, you know there's no way I can retreat from a fight as temptin' as this, right?
Now, c'mon! Let's hurry up and rip these creepy bastards a new one!
Can you move?
Hey, thanks for gettin' me outta that jam, Reni. Now, where's the enemy at?
You are not at your normal fighting capacity right now. You should rest.
Listen up, Reni! There's no way I can retreat from a fight as temptin' as this!
Now, c'mon! Let's hurry up and rip these creepy bastards a new one!
