Sumire, are you OK?
My deepest thanks, Ensign…
Sumire, we'll take things from here. You should get to safety.
Now, what sort of play would this be if the heroine herself were to exit the stage now?
Just watch, Ensign. My performance begins now!
Are you all right, Sumire?
Nothing but a trifle, I assure you, Sakura…
We'll take over from here, Sumire, so please evacuate to someplace safe.
Now, what sort of play would this be if the heroine herself were to exit the stage now?
I cannot allow you to be the only one making a splash out there. Just you watch me!
You all right, Sumire?
Oh, this is really nothing at all, Maria…
Don't say that. We'll handle things from here. You should evacuate.
Now, what sort of play would this be if the heroine herself were to exit the stage now?
I can still keep up the fight. Allow me to show you what I can do!
Hey, Sumire… You all right?!
It took you long enough, Kanna! Was there no way you could have gotten here more quickly?
What'd ya say?! I go outta my way to save you, and this is the thanks I get?! You… Rotten wench!
Gracious, there's no need to act so high and mighty, you know.
Though I suppose as I'm now indebted to you, I ought to do you a favor in return.
Heh, keep your favors! Now, how 'bout ya quit tryin' to get in the last word and come join the battle!
It would be my pleasure! Allow me to show you my magnificent performance!
Ohh, I can't wait to see this! Let's get goin'!
You OK, Sumire?
Yes, Iris… I'm just fine. There is no need to worry yourself over me.
…Are you really? We're gonna fight, so you can rest if you want.
Iris, a play cannot have its final act without the heroine.
Just you watch. My true performance starts right here, on this battlefield!
You doing OK, Sumire?
Yes, Kohran… My thanks.
You sure you're OK? We'll take care of these guys, so you can rest up if you want.
Now, what sort of play would this be if the heroine herself were to exit the stage now?
I can still fight. Just you watch and see!
Are you well, Sumire?
Why yes, I am, Orihime.
You can rest easy now that I'm here!
Leave the rest to me, you get yourself somewhere safe!
Hm hm hm, what sort of play would this be if the heroine herself were to exit the stage now?
I can still fight. Just you watch and see!
Can you move?
Yes, Reni… I will be quite fine.
You are not at your normal fighting capacity right now. You should rest.
Hm hm hm, what sort of play would this be if the heroine herself were to exit the stage now?
I can still fight. Just you watch and see!
