Well then, Ogami, let's return to the Imperial Theater. 
Wait… Wait. 
…! 
Hehehe… <br> I am unable to live as a man, yet even death will not come for me…  
I once fought you under the name Aoi Satan… and lost this body. 
Listen well… <br> The hatred you feel towards evil will only grow stronger… 
…until the evil within you awakens as well. 
Yamazaki… 
Yamazaki?!
…Heh. <br> …It's been a while, Yoneda. 
I hoped you'd… never have to see me like this…
Yamazaki! 
I thought I told you… <br> You can't place all your faith in power alone! 
Isn't the justice you all hold so dear nothing more than power, in the end? 
In this world, there is no justice to be had without absolute power! 
That's not true, Yamazaki!! 
No! Humans don't deserve to be protected. 
You do not know the sorrows of this city!! 
Nor the capital's ancient, accumulated grudge!! 
Soon… I shall disappear… Not even my soul shall remain…
But… know this… <br> This city's curse shall continue… 
Tokyo is cursed! Cursed! Fwahahahahahahahaha! 
The Demon King, was it? <br> Just who is he? 
Mon Frère, I'm scared… 
That clown in the carnival mask had such bloodlust… 
He reeked of death and destruction… 
That man… <br> Is he our latest foe? 
…I don't know. 
Satan also said something about the “capital's hatred.” What did he mean by that? 
I think there is no point in fretting over something we do not know.
Victory was ours, we should be happy! 
…You're right. Now, why don't we head back to the theater. Back to our home.
All right, everyone. <br> Let's get back to the Imperial Theater! 
Operation complete! <br> Imperial Assault Troupe, Flower Division - all units returning to base! 
Come on! Drink up, Ogami! Drink! 
Hahahaha… <br> Kind of a bittersweet occasion to drink. Ahaha… 
Mr. Yoneda… <br> Let's drink our fill today! 
By the way, Orihime, didn't you say you were leaving after the battle? 
Yes, that WAS my plan. But it seems you would all be hopeless without me here. 
So, I suppose I could perhaps stay in your group for a bit longer. 
Ah, thank you, Orihime! 
That's great, Ogami. Orihime is staying with the Flower Division! 
You know what, we should redo the welcome party today. 
Yeah. Once again, Orihime, we look forward to working with you. 
…Just to be clear, my distaste for Japanese men will not be changing. 
Oh, OK… 
It's all right, because I love you sooo much, Mon Frère! 
Hahaha, thank you Iris. 
By the way, Mr. Yoneda, just who is our enemy this time? 
I haven't a clue. But, one thing's for sure: no matter what sort of bastard we're dealing with… 
We must protect the sanctity of the capital and the lives of its people. 
…Yes, sir! 
All right, drink and be merry! We're going to have a good time today, so let's party! 
It's a new beginning for the Flower Division! 
And we're celebrating Ogami's return to doing all sorts of odd-jobs! You'll be working hard tomorrow! 
What?! N-No way! 
Ahahahahahaha… 
The jewel of the Pandemonium Regalia, entrusted to us by the Rose Division. 
Spirit Sword Arataka. The special sword of the Shinguji family. 
Divine Sword Shirahatori. Entrusted to me by Kaede. A special sword passed down by the Fujieda family. 
Luminous Blade Mukei. A special sword entrusted to us by Kazuma that once belonged to Major Yamazaki. 
Divide Blade Mekkyaku. A special sword entrusted to me by Yoneda. 
The uniform I wear at the theater. Good for both summer and winter. 
A lighter borrowed from the inn. 
The flower crown that Iris made for Reni. 
Plates for the welcome party. Sakura asked us to get them for her. 
A bromide of Sakura. 
A bromide of Sakura. This one is a limited edition only available at New Year's. 
A bromide of Sumire. 
A bromide of Sumire. This one is a limited edition only available at New Year's. 
A bromide of Maria. 
A bromide of Maria. This one is a limited edition only available at New Year's. 
A bromide of Kanna. 
A bromide of Kanna. This one is a limited edition only available at New Year's. 
A bromide of Iris. 
A bromide of Iris. This one is a limited edition only available at New Year's. 
A bromide of Kohran. 
A bromide of Kohran. This one is a limited edition only available at New Year's. 
A bromide of Orihime. 
A bromide of Orihime. This one is a limited edition only available at New Year's. 
A bromide of Reni. 
A bromide of Reni. This one is a limited edition only available at New Year's. 
A decorative paper ball for the welcome party called a kusudama. 
A flower vase for the welcome party.
The banner for the welcome party.
The Kinematron. One of Kohran's inventions that lets you see and talk to someone from far away. 
The sword of the Pandemonium Regalia, recovered from the Demon King. 
The mirror of the Pandemonium Regalia, recovered from the Demon King. 
Fragments of the broken Kinematron. Seems like the kids at the inn picked them up along the shore. 
A letter from Sakura. 
A letter from Sumire. 
A letter from Maria. 
A letter from Kanna. 
A letter from Iris. 
A letter from Kohran. 
A letter from Orihime. 
A letter from Reni. 
A scarf given to me by Sakura. It's knitted with red yarn - my favorite color. 
A scarf given to me by Sakura. It's knitted with blue yarn - my favorite color. 
A scarf given to me by Sakura. It's knitted with yellow yarn - my favorite color. 
…(){}[]-.,!?