Hello there!<br>I'm Sakura Shinguji.
Sakura Wars 2's development is progressing smoothly. I hope you're looking forward to it.
Huh? You want to know what's in Sakura Wars 2?
All right then, allow me to introduce to you this special edition of Sakura Wars 2, just for you!
...Well, it's more of a preview for the full game, really.
That means I can only show you a teeny tiny part of it. I hope you understand.
All right, which would you like to learn about first? Our new recruits or the new dialogue systems?
New recruits
New systems
OK then, let me introduce you to the two new recruits joining the Flower Division.
First is Reni Milchstraße, the second male member of the Flower Divsion!
...
...Hello.<br>...I'm Reni.
...
...
U-Um... I'm sorry, Reni's not very talkative.
Anyway, Reni used to be a part of an elite squad known as the Star Division! Isn't that right, Reni?
...
...It's not that big of a deal, really.
...
...W-Well, while you're here, why not introduce yourself?
...
...I came here from Germany to fight.
Human emotion is unnecessary when it comes to combat...
That's all I have to say.
Hang on a second! What are you two up to?
Ah, Orihime! Thank goodness, I didn't know how I was going to continue that conversation...
Anyway, let me introduce you to our other new recruit, Orihime Soletta!
I'm Orihime Soletta. I came here from Italy. Pleased to meet you.
And may I say, Sakura, it was reckless of you to introduce Reni before me.
R-Right...
My dislikes are waking up early and Japanese men!
Japanese men are irresponsible, shallow, just the absolute worst!
OK, it's time for my siesta, so I'll be going now.
W-Well then, Reni, before you go, is there anything you hope to accomplish in Sakura Wars 2?
...I never exert any unnecessary effort. I win whenever I can. That's all.
Ah... A-Anyway, I hope you got to know our new recruits better.
With that, the introductions are over!
All right, let's go over the dialogue systems in Sakura Wars 2.
First up is LIPS (Live and Interactive Picture System), which you might know from the last game.
LIPS is a system where you have to make a choice in a limited amount of time.
You can experience some thrilling conversations thanks to these time limits.
OK, let's give it a try.<br>Do you remember my name?
Sakura Shinguji
Sumire Kanzaki
Yes, that's right! I'm Sakura Shinguji of the Imperial Assault Troupe's Flower Division.
In-cor-rect! I did introduce myself, didn't I? I'm Sakura Shinguji.
...Jeez, don't tell me you forgot already!
My name is "Sakura Shinguji." Try to remember it, OK?
How was that? Do you understand how the LIPS system works now?
Right, now I'll go over one of the new systems, "Timing LIPS."
For Timing LIPS, after a certain amount of time has passed, your options will change.
You may get more options, fewer options, or some may get replaced entirely.
With this system, you can act on your impulses or exercise delicate timing.
OK, let's give it a try. Think veeeery carefully about what you're going to say.
Which do you find more important: me, or the peace of the Imperial Capital?
You're more important.
Peace is more important.
You're more important.
Peace is more important.
They're both important.
Thank you. I'm very happy to hear you say that.
However, the peace of the capital is extremely important as well.
Had you waited to answer just now...
A choice saying "They're both important" would've appeared, which would have been a perfect answer.
Indeed, the peace of the capital is very important.
But I have to say, I feel just a little let down...
Girls love to hear things like, "You're more important to me than the entire world."
Had you waited to answer just now...
A choice saying "They're both important" would've appeared, which would have been a perfect answer.
Yes! I'm so happy to hear you say that!
...Was that question too hard for you? I'm sorry.
OK, one more example... An enemy is attacking you from out of nowhere!
What should you do in order to avoid taking damage?!
Bolster my defense.
Dodge quickly.
Panic.
Bolster my defense.
Panic.
I see. It's true that bolstering your defense would protect you from some harm...
But that doesn't mean you would totally avoid taking damage, does it?
Wow, amazing! You dodged the enemy's attack so nimbly!
The "Dodge quickly" option you picked just now...
Don't panic! You won't be able to avoid the enemy's attack otherwise!
When you're in trouble, it's vital that you act quickly yet calmly.
Hey, you didn't do anything! You can't avoid the enemy's attack like that!
When you're in trouble, it's vital that you act quickly yet calmly.
In this conversation, if you pick "Dodge quickly"...
You avoid the enemy's attack without taking any damage.
However, if you don't pick "Dodge quickly" fast enough...
That option totally disappears right in the middle of the time limit.
If you don't act quickly to avoid the enemy's attack, you won't make it in time.
Being able to make snap decisions like that will definitely prove to be valuable.
Well? Do you feel like you understand it now?
Picking your words carefully sometimes, making quick decisions at other times...
That's the kind of action you can experience with the new Timing LIPS!
Finally, I'll go over one last LIPS, "Double LIPS."
Double LIPS happens when you have to do multiple things within a set amount of time.
A giant LIPS gauge will appear along the edges of the screen to show you the overall time limit.
OK, let's give it a try. For this example, you're running late for work.
Hurry and put on your shirt, necktie, and pants within the allotted time!
We won't make it in time if you don't hurry!<br>OK, start!
Put on pants.
Take off pajamas.
Ah, wait! You haven't taken off your pajamas yet!
Oh, gosh, you put your pants on over your pajamas...
That's right! You have to take your pajamas off first before putting on your pants!
OK, so now your pants are on. What next?
Hey! Snap out of it or you'll be late! Hurry up and get dressed!
Put on necktie.
Put on shirt.
All right, we'll start by putting on a necktie...
Ah, wait! You have to put on your shirt first before your necktie!
Huh? You've already finished tying your tie? ...Well that's a problem.
That's right. You can't put on your tie without putting on a shirt first.
OK, now you've got a shirt on. What to do next?
Come on! Why aren't you getting dressed?
If you don't hurry, we'll really be late!
Put on necktie.
Undo necktie.
Wait, you've already got a necktie on!
Oh boy...<br>Now you've got two neckties.
That's right. Fasten that necktie and you're all done getting dressed.
You've got a necktie on already, even though you don't have a shirt on?
...It's going to eat up some time, but take the tie off and put a shirt on.
All right, necktie's off. What next?
Huh?! What do you mean, you aren't even wearing a necktie!
We're running out of time.<br>We have to get going...
We have to get going, we're running out of time!
Let's go!
Let's go!
...Let me brush my teeth.
OK, we managed to leave in time.
That's right. Give them a good brushing, then we'll get going.
All done brushing? Then let's go!
Hurry, now, hurry! Let's get going!
Ah... We didn't make it in time.
You took too long getting dressed and now we're late.
So, how was that? Do you understand Double LIPS now?
Not only did you get dressed, but you even brushed your teeth, too! I'm speechless!
You got properly dressed and made it in time. That was excellent!
You didn't even put on any pants and you're still in your pajamas? Oh, boy... That's not good.
I see you've got your pants on.
Huh, you put your pants on over your pajamas?! You rushed way too much!
You panicked and put on two neckties...
And you're not even wearing a shirt, either... You sure look funny right now.
You're not even wearing a shirt, yet you've got a necktie on... That's quite the odd getup.
Just like that, Double LIPS can give an entire event its own time limit.
And there you have it!
Timing LIPS and Double LIPS, the new dialogue systems in Sakura Wars 2!
Well, how was it? Did you enjoy Sakura Wars 2: Special Edition?
But remember, this was nothing more than a preview.
Orihime Soletta...
Reni Milchstraße...
What part will these two play in this story?
Sakura Wars 2, a dramatic adventure!
A storm of romance among the Taisho cherry blossoms! Let's meet again at the Grand Imperial Theater!