Ahh, what nice weather. We're finally getting a break in the clouds after all the rain. 
A break in the clouds…? <br> How do you break a cloud? 
It means to have a good change in the weather. 
It's the rainy season this time of year in Japan, so a sunny day amidst the storms is always welcome.
Hm, I don't really get it, but I love it when the sky is clear and sunny! 
Hahaha, I hope our new team member will be something of a break in the clouds for the Flower Division, too.
Ah, you made it here safely. This is the Grand Imperial Theater. Well, come inside. 
Ah! Mon Frère, it sounds like someone's here. Maybe it's the new member? 
We were so busy talking up here that I completely forgot we were supposed to call out to her. 
Oh well. I guess we'll have to go meet her in the entryway. 
Oh, Sakura. Do you know where that Ogami got off to? I told him we had a new recruit coming in today. 
I think he's probably up on the second floor with Iris. 
I'll go and get him for you. 
Yaaay, she’s here! Wonder what kind of person she is? I'm so excited! 
Mon Frère, I'm gonna go ahead! 
W-Wait, Iris! 
Iris, are you OK?! 
…Y-Yeah. 
Ah, good… 
By any chance, could you be our new division member? 
…Yes. 
This is Reni Milchstraße, a former member of the Star Division like Orihime. 
I'm Ichiro Ogami, captain of the Flower Division. It's nice to meet you. 
…Likewise. 
Hee hee, I'm Iris! And this here is my best friend Jean-Paul. Please be nice to him! 
… 
At any rate, how surprising to have a boy as a new member of the troupe! 
For sure. So then, Reni… 
Let's work hard together! 
Not much of a talker? 
You're a part of the Flower Division starting today, so let's both work hard together. 
…Yes. 
You're… not much of a talker, are you? 
… 
S-Sorry. I suppose it's none of my business. I didn't offend you, did I? 
Not particularly… 
… 
… 
… 
… 
…Goodbye, then. 
H-Hang on! Where are you going, Reni? 
…I will be on standby in my room until receiving orders. 
Additionally, there is no need for you to associate so closely with me. 
Oh… Sure. 
Um, Reni? Actually, we've prepared a welcome party for you in the dressing room. 
Would you like to come? We want to introduce you to everyone in the troupe. 
Let's go, Reni! Everyone's waiting! 
… 
What're you so quiet for? C'mon, let's gooo! 
Iris, Reni only just arrived, so I'm sure he doesn't know quite where to go yet. 
Come on, we'll show you the way there. Follow us. 
…Right. 
Now then, these are your fellow Flower Division members. 
This is Orihime Soletta. 
Reni! Ciao! It's been a while! 
…Hello. 
Oh, that's right, you two were originally in the Star Division together. 
These two are Kasumi Fujii and Yuri Sakakibara. They take care of the office work. 
And this is Tsubaki Takamura, who runs the gift shop. 
…Nice to meet you. 
Everyone, this is our newest addition to the Flower Division, Reni… 
Mihilstraße. 
Milchstraze. 
Milchstraße. 
Mihilstraße. Everyone, please be kind to him. 
Milchstraze. Everyone, please be kind to him. 
O-Ogami, Reni's last name is Milchstraße. 
You can’t even remember a person’s name, Mr. Ensign? You’re even dumber than una scimmia, a monkey! 
I'm sorry, Reni. How rude of me to misremember your name… 
It's fine… A name is nothing more than a signifier. 
R-Right… 
Milchstraße. Everyone, please be kind to him. 
Er, wait… What was it? 
Ogami, it's Milchstraße. 
So crass, forgetting someone's name like that! There’s not a tactful bone in your body! 
I'm sorry, Reni. How rude of me to forget your name… 
It's fine… A name is nothing more than a signifier. 
R-Right… 
If I recall, Reni was born in Germany. 
In German, "milch" means "milk," and "straße" is "road"… 
So it means "Milky Way" like the galaxy, or "Amanogawa" in your Japanese.
I see. What a lovely name. 
Well, it's quite a tongue-twister of a name, so why don't we just stick with Reni for now? 
…OK. 
We've also got one more new person coming to work in the office with us. 
She was referred to us by the Army… Here, come on in. 
Saki Kageyama, reporting for duty at the Grand Imperial Theater starting today. 
It's very nice to meet you all. 
Ah! It’s that lady from before! 
Oh, you're…! 
My, it's you… Hmhm, we met earlier today, didn't we? 
I wanted to thank you for your kindness before. It left me with such a warm feeling in my heart. 
…You don’t waste any time, do you, Ogami. 
Eep?! H-Hang on Sakura, this is just a misunderstanding! 
…I don't even want to know! 
(Oh man, what kind of weird ideas does she have about me now?) 
Ah, could it be that you're the Flower Division's captain, then? 
Y-Yes. Ichiro Ogami, captain of the Imperial Assault Troupe, Flower Division. Good to meet you. 
How gallant you seem. And far, far more handsome than I expected. 
It's nice to meet you, Ogami. I hope we get along well. 
Y-Yes, I hope we do. 
Goodness, Ogami. You certainly seem pleased with this, don't you? 
N-No, I… It's just your imagination, I swear. 
All right, that's enough stuffy introductions for now. Let's get the festivities going! 
And what was so stuffy about them? 
Don't you worry about that, now! This is a party! Everyone, let loose! 
Ahaha. 
Yaaay, yaaay! <br> Party time, party time! 
Aww… So much for our party. 
What's this alarm? 
It's to warn us of an attack. 
This alarm is the Flower Division's cue to change from the Assault Troupe into the Assault Troop. 
Then what is the scope of our enemy? Location of appearance? What weaponry are they using? 
Huh? We don't know any of that just yet… 
R-Reni, where are you going?! 
Where is the Flower Division rendezvous point? Where is my Eisenkleid? 
Th-They're both in the basement. But first, we'll meet up in the command room. 
That is all I need to know. Going on ahead. 
Reni, hold on a minute! 
Ah… There he goes. 
Reni seems like a different person now, doesn't he?
Hahaha. That's Reni for you. 
The rest of us should get going too, Ogami. 
You're right. OK everyone, let's go! 
The Imperial Assault Troupe, Flower Division has assembled! 
Good. I see Reni arrived here particularly fast. 
More importantly Commander, do we know the enemy's location or number? 
The number of enemies is still unknown, but it seems they've appeared at a resort in Uguisudani. 
Uguisu… dani? 
Uguisudani is a neighborhood located in the northeastern part of the capital. 
According to reports, a great number of citizens, including children, are evacuating the area. 
Oh no! If we don't hurry, all those townspeople could get hurt… 
Reni, I know it's pretty sudden to have to dispatch on a mission right after arriving here… 
…but please, lend us your strength! For the sake of the capital's citizens! 
… 
I have acknowledged that this mission’s goal is to protect the citizens. 
However, when it comes to battle, victory is the most critical objective. 
We should consider that our top priority. 
R-Reni… 
Mr. Ensign, the only thing that matters to Reni in combat is winning or losing. 
Reni never brings human emotions into a battle… 
So even if you give the order to protect the citizens, I don't believe it will have much effect. 
I-I see. 
All right, Ogami, time to mobilize! 
The Soaring Whale is ready for departure. 
The "Soaring Whale"? What’s that? 
It's a huuuge flying ship! It can hold a whole bunch of Koubu! 
Now, Ogami. I need you to decide on the strategy for this mission. 
If we focus on offense, the Soaring Whale will provide backup via air bombardment. 
If we focus on defense, the Soaring Whale can airdrop healing supplies for you. 
So, Ogami. What will we do? 
Focus on offense! 
Focus on defense! 
Let's focus our strategy on offense! I want to take out the weaker enemies in one blow with a bombardment.
All right, then. Leave the bombardment to us! 
Let's focus our strategy on defense! I want us to fight carefully using those healing supplies. 
All right, then. The Soaring Whale will be sure to airdrop those provisions for you. 
Ogami, please give the order to move out! 
Assault Troupe, move out! 
Reni, give it your all! 
Imperial Assault Troupe, move out! Our destination is Uguisudani! 
Understood. 
Everyone, give it your all! 
I'm going to do my best, too! 
I'm looking forward to seeing just how skilled this next foe will be! 
Reni, this may be your first battle with us, but give it your all! 
Captain, all I need you to do is provide me with precise orders. 
It would be best if you all tried not to distract me too much from the battle. 
R-Right… 
Ogami! Please stop standing there with your mouth hanging open and give the order to move out! 
Uh… R-Right. 
I-Imperial Assault Troupe, move out! Our destination is, uh… Where was it, again? 
…Captain. At this rate, we'll all be killed. 
Reni, you can find our Eisenkleids over this way. 
…I know. After activation, I will remain on standby until stowage in the Soaring Whale is complete.
All right Reni, Orihime! Eisenklieds, move out! 
The jewel of the Pandemonium Regalia, entrusted to us by the Rose Division. 
Spirit Sword Arataka. The special sword of the Shinguji family. 
Divine Sword Shirahatori. Entrusted to me by Kaede. A special sword passed down by the Fujieda family. 
Luminous Blade Mukei. A special sword entrusted to us by Kazuma that once belonged to Major Yamazaki. 
Divide Blade Mekkyaku. A special sword entrusted to me by Yoneda. 
The uniform I wear at the theater. Good for both summer and winter. 
A lighter borrowed from the inn. 
The flower crown that Iris made for Reni. 
A plate used at the welcome party. I was asked to bring it to Sakura. 
A bromide of Sakura. 
A bromide of Sakura. This one is a limited edition only available at New Year's. 
A bromide of Sumire. 
A bromide of Sumire. This one is a limited edition only available at New Year's. 
A bromide of Maria. 
A bromide of Maria. This one is a limited edition only available at New Year's. 
A bromide of Kanna. 
A bromide of Kanna. This one is a limited edition only available at New Year's. 
A bromide of Iris. 
A bromide of Iris. This one is a limited edition only available at New Year's. 
A bromide of Kohran. 
A bromide of Kohran. This one is a limited edition only available at New Year's. 
A bromide of Orihime. 
A bromide of Orihime. This one is a limited edition only available at New Year's. 
A bromide of Reni. 
A bromide of Reni. This one is a limited edition only available at New Year's. 
A decorative paper ball for the welcome party called a kusudama. 
A flower vase for the welcome party.
The banner for the welcome party.
The Kinematron. One of Kohran's inventions that lets you see and talk to someone from far away. 
The sword of the Pandemonium Regalia, recovered from the Demon King. 
The mirror of the Pandemonium Regalia, recovered from the Demon King. 
Fragments of the broken Kinematron. Seems like the kids at the inn picked them up along the shore. 
A letter from Sakura. 
A letter from Sumire. 
A letter from Maria. 
A letter from Kanna. 
A letter from Iris. 
A letter from Kohran. 
A letter from Orihime. 
A letter from Reni. 
A scarf given to me by Sakura. It's knitted with red yarn - my favorite color. 
A scarf given to me by Sakura. It's knitted with blue yarn - my favorite color. 
A scarf given to me by Sakura. It's knitted with yellow yarn - my favorite color. 
… "" "" () - . , ! ? ?! !!