By the way Iris, you were really great out there today. 
Yeah! It’s all because I had Mon Frère with me! 
Plus, we had our new friend Reni with us, so I wasn’t lonely one bit!
Reni's great and all, but I still don't think Japanese men are all that special. 
Hahaha… Harsh as usual, Orihime. 
Reni, it's been rough having one battle after another, but let's keep doing our best.
...I don't mind. I came here to fight, after all. 
With battles of this caliber, we can't afford to be anything less than perfect. 
Huh…? <br> Sounds like someone’s trying to contact us. 
I'll go see who it is. 
Hehe! Mon Frèreee! 
What is it, Iris? 
Don't forget your pro-mise with me! 
Promise...? 
Oh, Mon Frère! You promised to play with me, remember? 
A-Ah, right. 
OK, when we get back, we’re going on a date, first thing! Teehee, it’s decided, then!
We'll go shopping together, have lunch together, and then, and then... 
We'll aaaalways be together, no matter what! 
Er, boy... I made quite the promise, didn't I? 
O-Ogami, everyone! <br> It’s terrible!! 
What’s wrong, Sakura?! <br> Did something happen?!
I just got a transmission from Saki… 
Commander Yoneda… Someone just shot Commander Yoneda… 
Wh... What did you say?! 
The jewel of the Pandemonium Regalia, entrusted to us by the Rose Division. 
Spirit Sword Arataka. The special sword of the Shinguji family. 
Divine Sword Shirahatori. Entrusted to me by Kaede. A special sword passed down by the Fujieda family. 
Luminous Blade Mukei. A special sword entrusted to us by Kazuma that once belonged to Major Yamazaki. 
Divide Blade Mekkyaku. A special sword entrusted to me by Yoneda. 
The uniform I wear at the theater. Good for both summer and winter. 
A lighter borrowed from the inn. 
The flower crown that Iris made for Reni. 
A plate used at the welcome party. I was asked to bring it to Sakura. 
A bromide of Sakura. 
A bromide of Sakura. This one is a limited edition only available at New Year's. 
A bromide of Sumire. 
A bromide of Sumire. This one is a limited edition only available at New Year's. 
A bromide of Maria. 
A bromide of Maria. This one is a limited edition only available at New Year's. 
A bromide of Kanna. 
A bromide of Kanna. This one is a limited edition only available at New Year's. 
A bromide of Iris. 
A bromide of Iris. This one is a limited edition only available at New Year's. 
A bromide of Kohran. 
A bromide of Kohran. This one is a limited edition only available at New Year's. 
A bromide of Orihime. 
A bromide of Orihime. This one is a limited edition only available at New Year's. 
A bromide of Reni. 
A bromide of Reni. This one is a limited edition only available at New Year's. 
A decorative paper ball for the welcome party called a kusudama. 
A flower vase for the welcome party.
The banner for the welcome party.
The Kinematron. One of Kohran's inventions that lets you see and talk to someone from far away. 
The sword of the Pandemonium Regalia, recovered from the Demon King. 
The mirror of the Pandemonium Regalia, recovered from the Demon King. 
Fragments of the broken Kinematron. Seems like the kids at the inn picked them up along the shore. 
A letter from Sakura. 
A letter from Sumire. 
A letter from Maria. 
A letter from Kanna. 
A letter from Iris. 
A letter from Kohran. 
A letter from Orihime. 
A letter from Reni. 
A scarf given to me by Sakura. It's knitted with red yarn - my favorite color. 
A scarf given to me by Sakura. It's knitted with blue yarn - my favorite color. 
A scarf given to me by Sakura. It's knitted with yellow yarn - my favorite color. 
... "" "" () - . , ! ? ?! !!