Ever since the attack on Ginza last month, something seems to be weighing on Mr. Yoneda's mind.
Whenever I've asked him about it, he just gives me some vague response. I wonder what I should do... 
Oh! Looks like a call's coming in. Who could it be? 
Ah, Ogami, there you are. 
Sir! What’s the matter? 
Yeah, I just wanted to discuss something with you. Would you mind coming down to the command room? 
Right, understood. 
Mr. Yoneda... 
What on earth is going on? He even contacted me via the communicator... 
All right. For the moment, I should go see him. 
Are you there, sir? 
Oh, it's you, Ogami. 
Take a look at this screen here. 
Th-That man... 
S-Sir! This man is... 
Yes. The man who orchestrated the attack on the theater last month... 
His name is Shinnosuke Yamazaki. He and I were once comrades who fought side by side. 
A new enemy has emerged in the capital once again. I wonder just who they could be. 
And I've been wondering, too, about why Yamazaki appeared before us that way. 
Have anything to ask me? If you don't mind me speculating about a few things, go right ahead. 
Ask about the new enemy. 
Ask about Yamazaki. 
Nothing to ask about. 
What is the nature of this enemy that appeared recently? 
I'm not really sure, myself. I know zilch about this organization or what their ambitions may be. 
But Yamazaki mentioned the capital being cursed… 
And then that masked man killed him in a single blow… 
I can only guess that their objective, whatever it may be, has to do with Tokyo. 
Do you know anything about the man called Shinnosuke Yamazaki? 
Yes, I do. 
Just the name... 
No, nothing at all. 
Yes, I do. He was a friend and fellow soldier of yours who fought with you during the Kouma War. 
...Yes, that's right. 
I know the name, but not much more than that. 
I might've mentioned him before, but I'll tell you about him. 
No, nothing at all. 
Yeah, I'm not surprised you don't know him. 
... 
Well, no surprise there. It was... a long time ago. 
Ten years ago, a special squad was established in the Imperial Army called the "Anti-Kouma Corps." 
It was a combat squad that defended the capital from demonic forces, much like the current-day troupe. 
Seven years ago, we went into battle with an enormous Kouma that appeared in Nihonbashi. 
That was the start of what's now called the "Kouma War." 
But that war turned out to be the Anti-Kouma Corps' final battle. 
Here's a photo from back then. As you can see, Ayame Fujieda, who was once part of our troupe, is here too. 
After the Kouma War, Ayame served as the Assault Troupe's deputy commander... 
But in our battle two years ago, she gave everything she had to keep the peace, and lost her life for it. 
... 
The man on the far right there is Kazuma Shinguji, Sakura's father. He died at the very end of the war. 
Ayame and I are in the middle, and the man on the left is... Yamazaki. 
Did you know that the one who originally came up with the design for the Spirit Armor was Yamazaki? 
He was more than just a warrior, he was a genius in the truest sense of the word. 
But after the Kouma War was over, he vanished. 
What he got up to after that... Well, I have no idea. 
Still, I never imagined I'd meet him again in that form, or that we'd wind up parting how we did... 
... 
Kazuma, Ayame, and even Yamazaki... They've all left this world. 
And in the end, I'm the only one still alive... 
... 
I'm not much more than a pathetic, lonely old soldier who missed his time to die. 
Mr. Yoneda... 
What are you saying?! 
Please, cheer up. 
That really is pathetic. 
What are you saying?! You're not alone, sir. 
What's that? 
All of us in the Flower Division are here for you. 
Being away from the theater meant that I was separated from all my allies who I'd fought together with. 
But because I kept on living, I was able to reunite with everyone and enjoy being together again.
Ogami... 
There's nothing shameful about being the one who survived. 
So please, don't talk like you should have died already. 
... 
Wahahaha! You moron, I was only jokin' around. Don't take me so seriously. 
...Right. 
Please, cheer up, sir. It's not like you to be so depressed. 
Huh? It's not like me? 
That's right. The Yoneda I know is a man with a hearty laugh and a love for a good drink. 
If you get depressed, the rest of us will start to worry about you and lose heart ourselves. 
...Hahaha. You got a point. I'm actin' all mopey, aren't I? 
Still, Ogami, you think the real me is all about laughing and drinking, eh? 
Huh?! No, that's not what I... Uh... 
Ah, it's fine. Let's just leave it at that. 
Yeah, that is pathetic. 
...What was that? 
Sir, you taught me that in any situation, if you remain strong, the path forward will open up. 
So how can you sit there acting so defeated?! 
... 
Wahahaha! You moron, I was only jokin' around. Don't take me so seriously. 
...Right. 
... 
Eh, whassamatter, Ogami? That's one hell of a depressing look on your face. 
I-It's nothing... 
Hahaha. Don't you go gettin' all apprehensive, now. 
You're the captain. You walk around lookin' like that, it'll affect your squad's morale. 
...Sir. 
I've still got plenty of stuff I need you to do. 
I'm gonna work ya hard starting today, Ogami, so better get yourself prepared! 
Y-Yes, sir! 
Now then, I'm gonna be here a while longer. You oughta go get the newcomer's welcome party ready. 
Huh? We've got another new member coming to the theater?! 
That's right. Today at 12 o'clock sharp, we have one new recruit joining our ranks. So get going! 
Y-Yes, sir! Please excuse me! 
... 
Don't talk like I should have died, huh... 
Look at me, gettin' lectured by him. Heh, well, I sure didn't see that coming. 
Ogami. Iris, Orihime, and I are all here, just like you asked. 
What'd you wanna talk about, Mon Frère? 
Good news, I just spoke with Mr. Yoneda. 
It turns out the Flower Division is getting another new team member. 
Wooow, really?! Hey, hey, what kind of person is she? 
Hmm... I don't really know the details, myself. 
Say, let's throw her a great big welcome party! 
But we already had one of those, not so long ago... 
So what? Let's do it! I loooove parties! 
Of course... 
All right, let's do it! 
We did have one recently. 
All right, let's do it! 
We did have one recently. 
I hope she's cute. 
All right, let's do it! You all threw that welcome party for me, after all. 
Right! That's what we do here in the Flower Division! 
You really are the nicest, Mon Frère! 
We did have one recently, didn't we? How many more of these do we have to do? 
But the party we just had was to welcome you and Orihime, right? 
Come onnn, let's do it, Mon Frère! It'd be sad if the new person didn't get one! 
O-OK, I get it. 
Another new member, huh? I hope she's cute. 
This again, Ogami? You said the same thing when Orihime arrived. 
Eep, y-you remembered that?! 
I certainly did. Ugh, just forget it! 
You're awfully glib these days, aren't you? 
Oh my, Japanese men really are weak-minded and frivolous! 
Is that really all you think about, Ogami? 
N-No, I was... I was just joking, I swear. 
How flustered you appear, Ensign. It seems she was right on the money! 
Hey, hey, we need to hurry before the new person gets here! Let's get ready! 
Y-Yeah, you're right. OK, let's start preparing, everyone. 
Hmm... 
Let's do it, Mon Frère! We're getting a new friend, so we hafta throw a party! 
That's true. OK, let's do it. 
Yes. Let's throw them a fun welcome party. 
Although, it's too bad everyone else can't be here for all these parties. 
(Oh, right. Maria and the others aren't here right now...) 
(Maybe I'll see if I can contact them later on the Cinematron when I get back to my room.) 
Hey Mon Frère, what time should we hold the party? 
According to Manager Yoneda, she'll be arriving around 12 o'clock. 
It's 11 right now, so that gives us about an hour. We should start preparing immediately. 
OK, let's divide up the work and get everything ready. 
We can use this backstage room like we did for the last party. 
Ogami, would you mind lending one of us a hand? 
Sure thing. Let's see, who should I help out... 
Help out Sakura. 
Help out Orihime. 
Help out Iris. 
I'll help you out, Sakura. 
You will? Thank you so much! 
I'll start cleaning up the room. Sorry to bother you with this, but... 
Could you go fetch Tsubaki, Yuri, and Kasumi? 
Yuri and Kasumi should be in the secretarial office, and Tsubaki will probably be at the gift shop. 
Yeah, sure thing. I'll be right back. 
Hey, Mon Frère. 
Hm? What is it, Iris? 
I wanna go with you, too... 
Huh? Well, that's fine, I suppose... 
Yaaay! Then it's decided! 
I'll go with Mon Frère and help get things ready! 
Oh, well then both of you, please go bring Tsubaki and the others here. 
Iris, try not to cause any trouble for Ogami, OK? 
We'll be fiiiine! Mon Frère and I are gonna do our best together! 
...I simply do not see what is so wonderful about Japanese men. Unbelievable. 
A-Anyway, let's get started preparing for this party. Get to work, everyone! 
All right, I'll help out Orihime. 
No, thank you! I do not need any help from the likes of you, Ensign! 
R-Really? Come on, don't be like that... 
What a pest you are. I would prefer that you stop being such an overwhelming busybody! 
Uhh... Well, it wasn't my intention to be a busybody. 
Hey, Mon Frère. 
Hm? What is it, Iris? 
You can help me get things ready. 
Hmm, what to do... 
Aw, c'mon already! Please, Mon Frère? Let's work together! 
Guess I can't refuse when you ask me like that. OK, I'll help you. 
Yaaay! Then that's that! 
In that case, Ogami, can you and Iris get some plates from the kitchen? 
We're having the party in this room, so bring them here if you wouldn't mind. 
You got it. So all we need to do is go to the kitchen and bring some plates back to this room. 
Yay, yaaay! I'm so happy I get to help Mon Frère! 
...I simply do not see what is so wonderful about Japanese men. Unbelievable. 
A-Anyway, let's get started preparing for this party. Get to work, everyone! 
I guess I'll help you out, Iris. 
Yay, thank you! Let's work hard together, Mon Frère! 
In that case, Ogami, can you and Iris get some plates from the kitchen? 
We're having the party in this room, so bring them here if you wouldn't mind. 
You got it. So all we need to do is go to the kitchen and bring some plates back to this room. 
Hey, Mon Frère. 
Hm? What is it, Iris? 
Hee hee. Let's do our best together! 
Yeah. Let's do our best, Iris. 
Yep! I can work real hard because I'm with you, Mon Frère! 
...I simply do not see what is so wonderful about Japanese men. Unbelievable. 
A-Anyway, let's get started preparing for this party. Get to work, everyone! 
The jewel of the Pandemonium Regalia, entrusted to us by the Rose Division. 
Spirit Sword Arataka. The special sword of the Shinguji family. 
Divine Sword Shirahatori. Entrusted to me by Kaede. A special sword passed down by the Fujieda family. 
Luminous Blade Mukei. A special sword entrusted to us by Kazuma that once belonged to Major Yamazaki. 
Divide Blade Mekkyaku. A special sword entrusted to me by Yoneda. 
The uniform I wear at the theater. Good for both summer and winter. 
A lighter borrowed from the inn. 
The flower crown that Iris made for Reni. 
A plate used at the welcome party. I was asked to bring it to Sakura. 
A photo of Sakura. 
A photo of Sakura. This one is a limited edition only available at New Year's. 
A photo of Sumire. 
A photo of Sumire. This one is a limited edition only available at New Year's. 
A photo of Maria. 
A photo of Maria. This one is a limited edition only available at New Year's. 
A photo of Kanna. 
A photo of Kanna. This one is a limited edition only available at New Year's. 
A photo of Iris. 
A photo of Iris. This one is a limited edition only available at New Year's. 
A photo of Kohran. 
A photo of Kohran. This one is a limited edition only available at New Year's. 
A photo of Orihime. 
A photo of Orihime. This one is a limited edition only available at New Year's. 
A photo of Reni. 
A photo of Reni. This one is a limited edition only available at New Year's. 
A decorative paper ball for the welcome party called a kusudama. 
A flower vase for the welcome party.
The banner for the welcome party.
The Cinematron. One of Kohran's inventions that lets you see and talk to someone from far away. 
The sword of the Pandemonium Regalia, recovered from the Demon King. 
The mirror of the Pandemonium Regalia, recovered from the Demon King. 
Fragments of the broken Cinematron. Seems like the kids at the inn picked them up along the shore. 
A letter from Sakura. 
A letter from Sumire. 
A letter from Maria. 
A letter from Kanna. 
A letter from Iris. 
A letter from Kohran. 
A letter from Orihime. 
A letter from Reni. 
A scarf given to me by Sakura. It's knitted with red yarn - my favorite color. 
A scarf given to me by Sakura. It's knitted with blue yarn - my favorite color. 
A scarf given to me by Sakura. It's knitted with yellow yarn - my favorite color. 
... "" "" () - . , ! ? ?! !!