Allow me to introduce myself. I am Kaede Fujieda, the newly appointed deputy commander of the troupe. 
My older sister, Ayame, organized and assisted the Imperial Assault Troupe…
And now it’s my turn to care for it in her stead.
I'm looking forward to working with everyone. 
Y-Yes, ma'am! <br> W-We'll be in your care! 
Honestly… Ogami always gets red in the face anytime we meet a woman with good looks! 
Ogami, Ogami! <br> We have big news!! 
What is it, Yuri? And Kasumi's with you too. What happened this time?! 
The manager… It seems that Mr. Yoneda has regained consciousness! 
What?! Is that really true?! 
Uncle Yoneda is doing OK? Yaaay, yaaay! 
Thank goodness, Ogami. Now the Imperial Assault Troupe can return to normal. 
Yeah! And Kaede has joined our ranks as deputy commander.
From now on, no matter what trouble comes our way, the Assault Troupe will overcome any crisis! 
Come on guys, let’s go visit Manager Yoneda at the hospital!
Mr. Yoneda was smiling and full of life when we visited him in the army hospital. 
He was so cheerful it was hard to believe he was in a coma. It was a miracle, and quite the relief.
The doctors said he can be discharged after another two months. 
That said, those two months might be hard for him since no alcohol is allowed in the hospital. 
And finally… The theater's summer performance of "King Lear" began. 
I felt like I had worked my fingers to the bone after punching tickets for so long. 
This job is unexpectedly exhausting… 
But hearing the storm of applause from where I stand in the entrance, washes away all my fatigue. 
“King Lear” was met with unexpected acclaim from the audience.
Kanna played the role of King Lear, Sakura was the kind-hearted Princess Cordelia… 
Orihime made her debut performance on our stage… 
And of course, Sumire starred as the scheming Princess Goneril trying to ensnare the king. 
I heard that the banter between Kanna and Sumire was a huge hit with the crowd. 
Even after the curtain fell, the cheering just wouldn’t stop… That taught me something. 
No matter what happens, if the Flower Division works together, we can overcome any obstacle.
It’s only natural for the stage’s top star to receive this kind of applause!
Hey now, quite braggin’ like you were the lead in this play or somethin’. Ya wanna fight? 
If you so wish! 
No matter what happens, everything will turn out all right in the end… I think.
The jewel of the Pandemonium Regalia, entrusted to us by the Rose Division. 
Spirit Sword Arataka. The special sword of the Shinguji family. 
Divine Sword Shirahatori. Entrusted to me by Kaede. A special sword passed down by the Fujieda family. 
Luminous Blade Mukei. A special sword entrusted to us by Kazuma that once belonged to Major Yamazaki. 
Divide Blade Mekkyaku. A special sword entrusted to me by Yoneda. 
The uniform I wear at the theater. Good for both summer and winter. 
A lighter borrowed from the inn. 
The flower crown that Iris made for Reni. 
A plate used at the welcome party. I was asked to bring it to Sakura. 
A bromide of Sakura. 
A bromide of Sakura. This one is a limited edition only available at New Year's. 
A bromide of Sumire. 
A bromide of Sumire. This one is a limited edition only available at New Year's. 
A bromide of Maria. 
A bromide of Maria. This one is a limited edition only available at New Year's. 
A bromide of Kanna. 
A bromide of Kanna. This one is a limited edition only available at New Year's. 
A bromide of Iris. 
A bromide of Iris. This one is a limited edition only available at New Year's. 
A bromide of Kohran. 
A bromide of Kohran. This one is a limited edition only available at New Year's. 
A bromide of Orihime. 
A bromide of Orihime. This one is a limited edition only available at New Year's. 
A bromide of Reni. 
A bromide of Reni. This one is a limited edition only available at New Year's. 
A decorative paper ball for the welcome party called a kusudama. 
A flower vase for the welcome party.
The banner for the welcome party.
The Kinematron. One of Kohran's inventions that lets you see and talk to someone from far away. 
The sword of the Pandemonium Regalia, recovered from the Demon King. 
The mirror of the Pandemonium Regalia, recovered from the Demon King. 
Fragments of the broken Kinematron. Seems like the kids at the inn picked them up along the shore. 
A letter from Sakura. 
A letter from Sumire. 
A letter from Maria. 
A letter from Kanna. 
A letter from Iris. 
A letter from Kohran. 
A letter from Orihime. 
A letter from Reni. 
A scarf given to me by Sakura. It's knitted with red yarn - my favorite color. 
A scarf given to me by Sakura. It's knitted with blue yarn - my favorite color. 
A scarf given to me by Sakura. It's knitted with yellow yarn - my favorite color. 
…()-.,!??