Several days after the fire incident in Fukagawa… 
WHAAAT?! 
Th-Then that means…
The old man from the restaurant was…
Indeed. That “old man” was none other than I, Kazutoyo Yamaguchi, Minister of the Navy. 
M-Minister Yamaguchi! Forgive me for my insolence, I didn’t know that was you!
I-I'm sorry for calling you "old man." 
Please, no need for apologies. I was in disguise, after all.
Who would ever think an old drunkard at a ryotei would actually be Minister of the Navy? 
W-We apologize for troubling you! 
More importantly, the way the Imperial Assault Troupe fought was truly magnificent. 
The group known as the Black Demon Society has been threatening Tokyo with their demonic power.
Additionally, there's been disturbing reports of extremist activity by those in our military. 
I don't want to make any rash moves involving our men. 
However, I promise that the Imperial Assault Troupe will have the Navy's full support. 
What's more, I'm a fan of your theater shows. I can't wait to see the troupe put on their next play. 
To ensure that, I'll also pass along some words to my peers in the financial world. 
Th-Then… Does that mean… 
Are we finally out of the poorhouse?
I wish you a long life so that you can see Sumire Kanzaki's performances every day. 
Yaaaay! I love you, mister!
Hahahaha!! I'm happy to hear that. Good luck, young ones! 
Y-Yes, sir!
That's quite a relief, Captain. 
Yeah, and it’s all thanks to the reckless behavior of Sakura and Kohran.
Yeowch… <br> That was harsh, Chief. 
Oh, Ogami… You're so mean! 
Tee-hee-hee! 
Ahahahaha… 
Sorry Ogami, but customers are only allowed to purchase one of each bromide. 
I see. That's too bad. 
So sorry, Mr. Ogami, but customers are only allowed to purchase one of each bromide.
Oh, really? That's too bad. 
The jewel of the Pandemonium Regalia, entrusted to us by the Rose Division. 
Spirit Sword Arataka. The special sword of the Shinguji family. 
Divine Sword Shirahatori. Entrusted to me by Kaede. A special sword passed down by the Fujieda family. 
Luminous Blade Mukei. A special sword entrusted to us by Kazuma that once belonged to Major Yamazaki. 
Divide Blade Mekkyaku. A special sword entrusted to me by Yoneda. 
The uniform I wear at the theater. Good for both summer and winter. 
A lighter borrowed from the inn. 
The flower crown that Iris made for Reni. 
A plate used at the welcome party. I was asked to bring it to Sakura. 
A bromide of Sakura. 
A bromide of Sakura. This one is a limited edition only available at New Year's. 
A bromide of Sumire. 
A bromide of Sumire. This one is a limited edition only available at New Year's. 
A bromide of Maria. 
A bromide of Maria. This one is a limited edition only available at New Year's. 
A bromide of Kanna. 
A bromide of Kanna. This one is a limited edition only available at New Year's. 
A bromide of Iris. 
A bromide of Iris. This one is a limited edition only available at New Year's. 
A bromide of Kohran. 
A bromide of Kohran. This one is a limited edition only available at New Year's. 
A bromide of Orihime. 
A bromide of Orihime. This one is a limited edition only available at New Year's. 
A bromide of Reni. 
A bromide of Reni. This one is a limited edition only available at New Year's. 
A decorative paper ball for the welcome party called a kusudama. 
A flower vase for the welcome party.
The banner for the welcome party.
The Kinematron. One of Kohran's inventions that lets you see and talk to someone from far away. 
The sword of the Pandemonium Regalia, recovered from the Demon King. 
The mirror of the Pandemonium Regalia, recovered from the Demon King. 
Fragments of the broken Kinematron. Seems like the kids at the inn picked them up along the shore. 
A letter from Sakura. 
A letter from Sumire. 
A letter from Maria. 
A letter from Kanna. 
A letter from Iris. 
A letter from Kohran. 
A letter from Orihime. 
A letter from Reni. 
A scarf given to me by Sakura. It's knitted with red yarn - my favorite color. 
A scarf given to me by Sakura. It's knitted with blue yarn - my favorite color. 
A scarf given to me by Sakura. It's knitted with yellow yarn - my favorite color. 
…()-.,!??