… 
(Huh? Isn't that the portrait artist from the festival?) 
(Is this who Tsubomi was talking about?) 
*sigh*… 
Um… Excuse me, sir. 
Huh? Oh, it's you, the young man from before. 
My name is Ichiro Ogami, I work here at this theater. 
I apologize for all the commotion earlier. 
No, that's all right. <br> I wasn't getting any customers anyway. <br> I had time to kill. 
Um, I'm sorry, but what was your name, sir? 
Right, you may call me Ogata. I am but a humble wandering artist. 
Mr. Ogata, do you have business with us here at the theater? 
This wouldn't have anything to do with Orihime, would it? 
… 
Ah, pardon me, I spoke out of turn. 
No, it's all right. 
… 
Ogami, was it? <br> Are you and Orihime…? 
Yes, we work together at this theater. 
I see. Then maybe it'd be better if I spoke with you instead. 
The truth is… Orihime… She's… 
She is my daughter…  
Huh?! <br> Wh-What did you say?! 
All right, Mr. Ogata, please, have a seat. 
But I… 
I'm sorry if I'm being intrusive, but… could you tell me more about Orihime? 
As a fellow member of this theater, I want to help her if I can. 
I want to see Orihime return to her usual, cheerful self. 
Ogami… 
Nobody is here… 
When I heard a man was standing outside the theater, I thought it might be… 
Oh well, I will go back to my room. 
… 
I understand. If that's what you want, then I'll tell you. 
…?! <br> That voice… <br> It cannot be! 
Today, I may be a lowly caricaturist, but in the past, I dreamed of becoming a painter of fine art. 
I traveled to Italy, wandering from place to place, spending every passing day painting. 
That's when… I met her. 
Her name was Carino Soletta… Orihime's mother. 
I see, so that's how it happened… 
Ask about Carino. 
Ask about Orihime. 
Could you tell me more about Carino? 
Carino was as warm and radiant as the Mediterranean sun…  
And her beauty was truly breathtaking. 
Before we knew it, we had fallen in love… And soon Orihime was born. 
I visited Carino's family, seeking their permission to be wed. 
However, Carino belonged to a wealthy Italian family… 
The Soletta family, also known as the “Red Nobles.” 
There was no way they'd ever allow me, a mere artist, to be with Carino. 
However, Orihime had already been born by then. 
They separated us, and forbade me from ever seeing my daughter. 
I had to think of Carino and Orihime's happiness, and so, I had no choice but to leave them. 
With my dream of living as an artist also in shambles, I returned to Japan. 
Mr. Ogata… 
Could you tell me more about Orihime? 
About half a year ago, I picked up a flier for the Imperial Theater, and I couldn't believe my eyes. 
There on the flier was my daughter's name. 
My daughter was in Japan… Not only that, but she was close by, too. 
I thought about coming to see her so many times, but… I couldn't. 
I abandoned Orihime and her mother for over a decade. I have no right to call myself her father. 
Mr. Ogata… 
I had no idea Orihime had that kind of upbringing. 
Is that why she hates Japanese men as much as she does? 
If nothing else, Ogami, believe me when I say this… 
Even if I was never able to see her, I've always prayed for Orihime's happiness. 
That is a lie!! 
That voice! 
Everything you have said is total nonsense! You are nothing but a liar! 
O-Orihime! 
You think I don't know the truth? 
You… <br> You are the wretched man who abandoned Mamma and I! 
Just go! <br> Get out of my sight! And do not ever come back! 
Orihime! 
I… I can never forgive him for what he did to us! 
Orihime… 
…Don't bother. <br> I did walk out on her mother, that's a fact. 
… 
It's true, I have no right to call myself her father. 
There's no reason she would ever forgive me. 
Mr. Ogata… 
I'm sorry for causing such a disturbance. I'll be going now. 
Ogami… Please… <br> Take care of Orihime. 
… 
Sorry Ogami, but customers are only allowed to purchase one of each bromide. 
I see. That's too bad. 
So sorry, Mr. Ogami, but customers are only allowed to purchase one of each bromide.
Oh, really? That's too bad. 
Shiro 
Hanamaru 
Dai 
Torte 
Long 
Altair 
Hund 
Sakura 
Sumire 
Maria 
Kanna 
Iris 
Kohran 
Orihime 
Reni 
Shiro 
Hanamaru 
Dai 
Torte 
Long 
Altair 
Hund 
Sakura 
Sumire 
Maria 
Kanna 
Iris 
Kohran 
Orihime 
Reni 
The jewel of the Pandemonium Regalia, entrusted to us by the Rose Division. 
Spirit Sword Arataka. The special sword of the Shinguji family. 
Divine Sword Shirahatori. Entrusted to me by Kaede. A special sword passed down by the Fujieda family. 
Luminous Blade Mukei. A special sword entrusted to us by Kazuma that once belonged to Major Yamazaki. 
Divide Blade Mekkyaku. A special sword entrusted to me by Yoneda. 
The uniform I wear at the theater. Good for both summer and winter. 
A lighter borrowed from the inn. 
The flower crown that Iris made for Reni. 
Plates for the welcome party. Sakura asked us to get them for her. 
A bromide of Sakura. 
A bromide of Sakura. This one is a limited edition only available at New Year's. 
A bromide of Sumire. 
A bromide of Sumire. This one is a limited edition only available at New Year's. 
A bromide of Maria. 
A bromide of Maria. This one is a limited edition only available at New Year's. 
A bromide of Kanna. 
A bromide of Kanna. This one is a limited edition only available at New Year's. 
A bromide of Iris. 
A bromide of Iris. This one is a limited edition only available at New Year's. 
A bromide of Kohran. 
A bromide of Kohran. This one is a limited edition only available at New Year's. 
A bromide of Orihime. 
A bromide of Orihime. This one is a limited edition only available at New Year's. 
A bromide of Reni. 
A bromide of Reni. This one is a limited edition only available at New Year's. 
A decorative paper ball for the welcome party called a kusudama. 
A flower vase for the welcome party.
The banner for the welcome party.
The Kinematron. One of Kohran's inventions that lets you see and talk to someone from far away. 
The sword of the Pandemonium Regalia, recovered from the Demon King. 
The mirror of the Pandemonium Regalia, recovered from the Demon King. 
Fragments of the broken Kinematron. Seems like the kids at the inn picked them up along the shore. 
A letter from Sakura. 
A letter from Sumire. 
A letter from Maria. 
A letter from Kanna. 
A letter from Iris. 
A letter from Kohran. 
A letter from Orihime. 
A letter from Reni. 
A scarf given to me by Sakura. It's knitted with red yarn - my favorite color. 
A scarf given to me by Sakura. It's knitted with blue yarn - my favorite color. 
A scarf given to me by Sakura. It's knitted with yellow yarn - my favorite color. 
…(){}[]-.,!? 
Whaaaaa?!