I will put the flowers right here, Papa. 
OK. Thank you, Orihime. 
But still, talk about a dramatic change. 
To think this is the same Orihime who'd always call Japanese men "spineless" or "stupid"… 
M-Mr. Ensign! <br> That was so long ago, forget it already! 
It just goes to show, Japanese men are indelicato! 
Hahaha… <br> There's the Orihime I know. 
… 
By the way, I have a favor I'd like to ask of you both… 
Seeing you two together like this has given me the sudden urge to paint. 
Once I get discharged from the hospital, would you two model for me? 
Huh?! 
I know it'd make for a great picture. 
Papa… 
Ogami, once again, please look after Orihime for me. 
Yes, sir! 
Ahh… However, if you ever plan on marrying Orihime, you'd better prepare yourself. 
After all, I'm sure you've noticed how strong-willed Italian women can be. 
…R-Right. 
Oh, stop it, Papa! <br> Talking about marriage… <br> Aheheheh! 
Sorry Ogami, but customers are only allowed to purchase one of each bromide. 
I see. That's too bad. 
So sorry, Mr. Ogami, but customers are only allowed to purchase one of each bromide.
Oh, really? That's too bad.  
Shiro 
Hanamaru 
Dai 
Torte 
Long 
Altair 
Hund 
Sakura 
Sumire 
Maria 
Kanna 
Iris 
Kohran 
Orihime 
Reni 
Shiro 
Hanamaru 
Dai 
Torte 
Long 
Altair 
Hund 
Sakura 
Sumire 
Maria 
Kanna 
Iris 
Kohran 
Orihime 
Reni 
The jewel of the Pandemonium Regalia, entrusted to us by the Rose Division. 
Spirit Sword Arataka. The special sword of the Shinguji family. 
Divine Sword Shirahatori. Entrusted to me by Kaede. A special sword passed down by the Fujieda family. 
Luminous Blade Mukei. A special sword entrusted to us by Kazuma that once belonged to Major Yamazaki. 
Divide Blade Mekkyaku. A special sword entrusted to me by Yoneda. 
The uniform I wear at the theater. Good for both summer and winter. 
A lighter borrowed from the inn. 
The flower crown that Iris made for Reni. 
Plates for the welcome party. Sakura asked us to get them for her. 
A bromide of Sakura. 
A bromide of Sakura. This one is a limited edition only available at New Year's. 
A bromide of Sumire. 
A bromide of Sumire. This one is a limited edition only available at New Year's. 
A bromide of Maria. 
A bromide of Maria. This one is a limited edition only available at New Year's. 
A bromide of Kanna. 
A bromide of Kanna. This one is a limited edition only available at New Year's. 
A bromide of Iris. 
A bromide of Iris. This one is a limited edition only available at New Year's. 
A bromide of Kohran. 
A bromide of Kohran. This one is a limited edition only available at New Year's. 
A bromide of Orihime. 
A bromide of Orihime. This one is a limited edition only available at New Year's. 
A bromide of Reni. 
A bromide of Reni. This one is a limited edition only available at New Year's. 
A decorative paper ball for the welcome party called a kusudama. 
A flower vase for the welcome party.
The banner for the welcome party.
The Kinematron. One of Kohran's inventions that lets you see and talk to someone from far away. 
The sword of the Pandemonium Regalia, recovered from the Demon King. 
The mirror of the Pandemonium Regalia, recovered from the Demon King. 
Fragments of the broken Kinematron. Seems like the kids at the inn picked them up along the shore. 
A letter from Sakura. 
A letter from Sumire. 
A letter from Maria. 
A letter from Kanna. 
A letter from Iris. 
A letter from Kohran. 
A letter from Orihime. 
A letter from Reni. 
A scarf given to me by Sakura. It's knitted with red yarn - my favorite color. 
A scarf given to me by Sakura. It's knitted with blue yarn - my favorite color. 
A scarf given to me by Sakura. It's knitted with yellow yarn - my favorite color. 
… "" "" () - . , ! ? ?! !! 
Whaaaaa?!