It's gotten really cold outside. 
This year has been so long, yet it's also flown by so quickly. 
I remember this place being packed with guests over the last few seasons. 
And now we're going to have a one-night only Christmas performance. I hope it'll be packed again. 
Welcome, Ogami! Would you like to buy something? 
Buy a bromide. 
Talk to Tsubaki. 
Leave. 
Could I take a look at the portraits for sale?
Sorry, Ogami. I can only sell you one bromide per month.
Please understand, we need to keep some for the other patrons. 
You want to buy a bromide? Please, take your pick! 
That's a bromide of Sakura. 
Let's see… <br> Sakura's bromide, right? 
That’ll be 50 sen. <br> Thanks for your patronage! 
That's a bromide of Sumire. 
Let's see… <br> Sumire's bromide, right? 
That’ll be 50 sen. <br> Thanks for your patronage! 
That's a bromide of Maria. 
Let's see… <br> Maria's bromide, right? 
That’ll be 50 sen. <br> Thanks for your patronage! 
That's a bromide of Kanna. 
Let's see… <br> Kanna's bromide, right? 
That’ll be 50 sen. <br> Thanks for your patronage! 
That's a bromide of Iris. 
Let's see… <br> Iris's bromide, right? 
That’ll be 50 sen. <br> Thanks for your patronage! 
That's a bromide of Kohran. 
Let's see… <br> Kohran's bromide, right? 
That’ll be 50 sen. <br> Thanks for your patronage! 
That's a bromide of Orihime. 
Let's see… <br> Orihime's bromide, right? 
That’ll be 50 sen. <br> Thanks for your patronage! 
That's a bromide of Reni. 
Let's see… <br> Reni's bromide, right? 
That’ll be 50 sen. <br> Thanks for your patronage! 
Oh, so you're not going to buy anything?
This is the first time I've seen you working here in a few months, Tsubaki.
Yep! I was away from the theater for quite a while, but now I’m back.
When you went out of your way to contact me in Hokkaido…
It was really encouraging. Thank you so much!
Aw, it was nothing.
So, are you happy to be manning the gift shop again?
Absolutely! I was only gone for a relatively short time but I really missed the place!
When I stood behind the counter for the first time after my return…
My heart began to swell and I thought to myself, “I’m finally home.” 
Tsubaki… 
I'll never forget that feeling, I'm determined to work even harder now! 
I look forward to seeing you around the gift shop again, Ogami!
Yeah, likewise. 
I heard that Tsubomi really gave it her all while I was away.
Yeah, although she was a bit clumsy. 
Oh, by the way, Tsubomi now works in the dining hall. 
When you have the time, be sure to say hi to her.
At first, when I received orders to go to Hokkaido, I felt really nervous… 
But, in the end, I had a great experience there. I'm glad that I went.
Well, I should be going. Keep up the good work. 
Thank you very much! <br> Come back again soon! 
Tsubaki is really getting back into the swing of things.
All right, I gotta follow her example and put some extra oomph behind my ticket punching! 
Thank you very much! <br> Come back and buy another bromide next month! 
Tsubaki is really getting back into the swing of things.
All right, I gotta follow her example and put some extra oomph behind my ticket punching!
Ah, Mr. Ogami! <br> Good afternoon! 
Tsu-Tsubomi?! <br> What's with that outfit? 
Tsubaki’s back to running the gift shop again!
So starting today, I'm gonna be working in the dining hall!
As a waitress, I still get to help bring smiles to our customers' faces! It's such a wonderful job!
I see. Good luck, Tsubomi. 
Yes! Thank you very much! 
…Huh? I think I smell something burning. 
Aaah! <br> I left a pot on the stove! 
Hey Tsubomi! You’re going the wrong way! The kitchen is over here!
Aaah, I got all mixed up! Thank you very much! Please, excuse me!
Oh boy… She’s still her usual clumsy self.
Ah, Mr. Ogami! <br> Good afternoon! 
Tsubomi… The theater is closed, do we still have guests? 
No, but that’s OK. This is a good chance for me to practice.
I’m planning to become the perfect waitress in time for our Christmas performance!
I see, that’s great. Good luck, then. 
Thanks! <br> Please come again! 
Hahaha, Tsubomi sure is full of spirit.
I need to put that kind of energy into my ticket punching job, too.
No one's in the kitchen. 
Everyone must be at the stage right now. 
The theater is closed until Christmas, so this room is also closed. 
I hope we'll get a lot of guests come showtime. 
Oh, Ogami. Do you need something?
You came here to listen to my gossip, right, Ogami?
My, you came here like clockwork, Ogami. 
If you're interested in hearing more gossip, I'm all out. Sorry. 
I see… That's too bad. 
I'll have some more interesting tidbits to share another time, so look forward to it!
Hello, Yuri, Kasumi. 
Oh, hello, Ogami. Is there something you need? 
I've got plenty of new, juicy gossip for you. Ask away! 
Listen to some gossip. 
I'll come back later. 
Keigo Kyogoku… To think that he would end his own life! 
Right… It was a surprising conclusion, for sure.
Still, who would have thought that Kyogoku was connected to the Black Demon Society? 
I was shocked, too. No one would have guessed that the Army Minister led an evil organization like that. 
Guess it's like they say, truth is stranger than fiction. 
I’ve heard things have settled down at the Army since all the chaos last month. 
A new minister has been appointed, and all of Kyogoku's officers have been purged. 
Is that so? Glad to hear it.
Boy, it was really snowy back when that coup happened. 
I’ve heard that political turmoil has often occurred during snowfall throughout Japan’s history.
The revenge of the 47 ronin… The Sakuradamon Incident… All of them happened on snowy days. 
I see… Now that you mention it, I suppose that’s true.
Thank goodness last month's attempt ended before it spread too far. 
To think, Tsubaki went to Hokkaido to transport the Tenbu… 
Why wasn't I the one to go? We're both Wind Division. 
I wonder if she was chosen because, among the Wind Division, she has the least amount of experience.
Anyone would grow after a mission like that. 
Well, when you put it that way, you may be right.
Hmph. But still, she got to go to Hokkaido… I’m so jealous.
I was wondering, Ogami, what do you know about sailor suits? 
Ah, you mean the clothes seamen wear onboard ships. I wore one during my training.
What about them?
The thing is, sailor suits have gotten very popular as schoolgirl uniforms recently. 
Huh?! Is that true? 
It seems that a lot of private schools in Tokyo have already adopted them as their uniform. 
We might see the city overflowing with schoolgirls in sailor suits pretty soon. 
I see… You never know what's going to be the next trend. 
I heard that back when the coup happened, traffic in Tokyo was brought to a standstill. 
Yeah, that's right. The railroads were completely buried under snow. 
Tokyo has an unfortunate reputation for being weak against harsh winter weather.
I suppose not much can be done about that. The city rarely gets heavy snowfall.
Ogami, have you ever heard of something called "television"? 
Television? 
Ah, you mean that system for sending moving pictures across electromagnetic waves. It was in the paper.
As I understand, the first test broadcast was successfully conducted in England…
According to the article, in the future, we'll have broadcasting stations much like we have with radio.
Heh, is that so? Sounds just like Kohran's Kinematron.
Seems like Kohran's ahead of the curve compared to England. 
By the way, Nippon Railway has begun operating the "Yamanote Loop."
Ah, you mean the Yamanote railway line.
Places that were once hard to reach are now easily accessible. It's really convenient.
Yes and I heard that it was really crowded the day it opened. 
Hey, why don't you go for a ride on the new loop, Ogami? 
You’re right. I’ll have to try it out the next chance I get.
If you're interested in hearing more gossip, I'm all out. Sorry. 
I see… That's too bad. 
I'll have some more interesting tidbits to share another time, so look forward to it! 
I'll be back. Good luck with the rest of your work. 
OK. Thanks for coming, Ogami. 
Let us know if you hear any juicy stories!
All right… Now, where should I go next? 
I wonder if Mr. Yoneda is in his office. 
I better check another room, I guess. 
It's Ogami. Are you there, Mr. Yoneda? 
Oh, Ogami. Yeah, come on in. 
Right. Pardon me. 
Yo, Ogami. Need something? 
No, nothing in particular. What are you doing, sir? 
Me? I'm thinking about Kyogoku… 
Keigo Kyogoku… Just what was he trying to accomplish? 
What do you think, Ogami? 
To take over Japan? 
Something unknown…
To seize the Regalia? 
Do you think he wanted to take over Japan? 
Hmm… That’s likely, given that he was pushing militarism for such a long time.
But even so, to think he'd orchestrate a coup… 
That was such an extreme measure for someone that was usually so cautious.
… 
Perhaps he had other motives we simply don't know about. 
Mm-hmm. It's definitely a possibility. 
But, he's dead now. The truth may never be unveiled. 
… 
Could it be that he simply wanted to steal the Pandemonium Regalia?
But if that was the case, why would he leave the theater with only two pieces?
Now that you mentioned it, you have a point… 
If his intention was to prevent us from using the Regalia, then it makes sense. 
In other words, to prevent Sakura from using her Power of Purification. 
If that was his goal, then seizing only two pieces of the Realia would have gotten the job done. 
I see… <br> That may be a possibility. 
But, he's dead now. The truth may never be unveiled. 
… 
I can't think of a reason… 
I see… Now that he’s gone, it seems that the truth has died with him.
However, there’s just something about all this that doesn’t sit right with me.
I never knew him to be a man that would take his own life.
… 
Whoops, sorry to make you listen to my ramblings for so long. 
No need to worry about it, Ogami. Just put everything you got into the Christmas performance for now.
Right, understood. 
Kyogoku's objective, huh… 
I wonder, what is it he was trying to achieve…?
Ogami, mind leaving for a bit?
I’ve got a lot on my mind right now.
…Yes, sir. Understood. 
(Mr. Yoneda… He seems to be really concerned about Kyogoku's actions.)
I thought everyone was doing some song rehearsals, but no one's here. 
I should just go to another room. 
Oh, Captain. 
Yo. Need somethin’, Boss? 
Oh, Kanna, Reni. What are you doing in here? 
We’re writin’ down costume materials that need to be ordered for “The Miracle Bells.”
The outfits for both the Holy Mother and the angels are gonna require custom-made materials.
Uh-huh, I can’t wait to see them.
Hehe, me too. What kind of costumes do you think they'll be, Boss? 
Beautiful costumes. 
Flashy costumes. 
Men's costumes. 
I bet you guys are gonna wear beautiful costumes. 
Yeah. We’re gonna wear some real pretty outfits that match the Christmas theme.
I bet you guys are gonna wear flashy costumes. 
Nah, nothin’ like that. If anything, they'll be pretty modest. 
If you two are gonna wear them, I bet they'll be men's costumes. 
Hey, hey. We're not the only ones who're gonna wear these, Boss. 
Everyone’s gonna be wearin’ beautiful women's costumes, ya know. 
Oh, when you put it that way, I guess that was a bit rude.
But, if you're looking at just the two of us, I can see why you would think that. 
Come on, not you too Reni. Jeez…
So, what kind of costumes are you going to wear? 
I have no idea. What kind of costumes are you going to wear? 
Haha, kinda hard to guess, ain't it? 
We’ll be wearin’ some real beautiful costumes to match the holiday. 
After discussing it with the group, we decided to go with outfits that give an image of purity.
Thing is, the main lead still hasn't been decided yet… 
I see… <br> I wonder who it'll be. 
Well, that's… 
… 
…We're still in the middle of work here, Boss. 
Sorry, but ya mind lettin' us get back to our job?
Right, didn’t mean to disturb you. Sorry about that. 
See ya later then, Boss. 
For some reason, they both went quiet after we started talking about the lead role.
Anyway, I better head to another room so I don’t get in their way. 
The total cost of materials for the angel costumes would be… 
Hey, Reni… Don't you get sleepy workin’ with your thinkin' cap on all the time? 
…That won't be a problem as long as you stay focused. 
(Hahaha… Those two are working hard.) 
They're focused on their work, better not bother them. 
Now… Let's go somewhere else. 
Ah, Mon Frère! 
My… 
What're you two doing? 
Maria and the others are preparing for the show, so we're taking a rest. 
We were just talking about birthdays! 
The Christmas performance is being held on December 24th, but…
Someone in the Flower Division also has a birthday on that same day. Do you know who?
Sakura? 
Kohran? 
Iris? 
Sumire? 
Orihime? 
Reni? 
Let’s see… <br> Is it Sakura?
Wrong answer! Sakura's birthday is July 28th! 
December 24th is Reni's birthday. 
Oh, is that so? 
Let’s see… <br> Is it Kohran?
Wrong answer! Kohran's birthday is March 3rd! 
December 24th is Reni's birthday. 
Oh, is that so? 
Let’s see… <br> Is it you, Iris?
…Mon Frère! My birthday is July 5th!
O-Oh, that’s right… S-Sorry.
Ohohohoho… It appears you’ve completely forgotten Iris’s birthday, haven't you, Ensign?
Oooh, I hate you, Mon Frère! 
Bleeeh! 
(Oh boy, that went poorly.)
December 24th is Reni's birthday, Ensign. 
Oh, is that so? 
Let’s see… <br> Is it you, Sumire?
No, Ensign! Don’t tell me you’ve forgotten?!
My birthday is January 8th! 
O-Oh, that’s right… <br> S-Sorry. 
Honestly… <br> Forgetting my birthday, that's beyond rude.
December 24th is Reni's birthday, Mon Frère. 
Oh, is that so? 
Let’s see… <br> Is it Orihime?
Wrong answer! Orihime's birthday is July 7th! 
December 24th is Reni's birthday. 
Oh, is that so? 
Let’s see… <br> Is it Reni?
You got it! Way to go, Mon Frère! 
Hahaha. Well, it’s only natural for the captain to know everyone’s birthdays.
Time's up! <br> Too bad, Mon Frère. 
December 24th is Reni's birthday, Ensign. 
Oh, is that so? 
What a coincidence, to think that her birthday is on the same day as the performance. 
Perhaps we should do something to celebrate her special day.
Definitely! Let's throw a birthday party for Reni!
I see… That sounds like a great idea.
And don’t tell Reni, Mon Frère. It’ll be a surprise party, OK?
Hahaha… Got it. 
So the performance will be on the same day as Reni's birthday. 
It's looking like the 24th will be a very busy day. 
So, Sumire, what kind of birthday party should we have? 
We can hold it during the closing party, and… 
(Looks like they're talking about Reni's birthday party.) 
Better not interrupt them. 
Now… Where should I head next? 
Kohran, I want to measure the length right here. Can you help me? 
Oh, OK. Wait up, I'm coming. 
Hm? Those voices, it's Maria and Kohran. 
Looks like they're doing something on the stage. 
How many meters is there, Maria? 
5 meters and 45 centimeters. Or about 5 and a half meters. 
Those two are working hard… 
Looks like arranging sets on the stage is a tough job.
Hm? Look who it is.
Ah, Ogami! 
Are you preparing props for the play? 
Yes. We're inspecting the props and sets for "The Miracle Bells." 
We only have three weeks until the performance, after all. 
I see… It's December already, huh. 
Oh, yes. Now that it's December, I just remembered something I wanted to ask. 
I have heard this month has another name in the old Japanese calendar. 
What's it called? 
It’s called “Shisou.”
It’s called “Shiwasu.”
It’s called “Shibashiri.”
It's called "Shisou." 
Oh… Shisou, huh? 
O-Ogami, you got it wrong! 
The 12th month of the old lunisolar calendar is called "Shiwasu."
Oh, so you lied? Quit acting like you know things when you clearly don’t, Mr. Ensign.
I-Is that what it was? Whoops. 
It's called "Shiwasu." 
Oh… Shiwasu, huh? 
It's called "Shibashiri." 
Oh… Shibashiri, huh? 
O-Ogami, you got it wrong! 
The 12th month of the old lunisolar calendar is called "Shiwasu."
Oh, so you lied? Quit acting like you know things when you clearly don’t, Mr. Ensign.
I-Is that what it was? Whoops. 
Uh… What was it called again? 
The 12th month of the old lunisolar calendar is called "Shiwasu."
Oh… Shiwasu, huh? 
How nice. You and I both have learned something new today, Mr. Ensign.
Ah, haha… You're right. 
It was said that the 12th month was the busiest time for schools. Even teachers were dashing around.
Which is why it's called "Shiwasu," or "dashing teachers." I wonder how true it really is. 
Well, this month we're also busy with the performance, so it must be true. 
Hehe, you do have a point. 
Well, let's return to our tasks now, Orihime.
All right, back to work.
I'm going now. Keep up the good work, guys. 
OK. Thanks for stopping by. 
December, huh… So much has happened this year… 
I hope that the Christmas performance will close out the year as a big success.
Sakura, this tree prop is broken. 
The tree prop is damaged… OK, thanks for letting me know. 
(Looks like those two are inspecting the stuff back there.) 
Better not interrupt them. 
Now then, where should I spend my time next? 
Maria, what do you think about moving this set a bit more towards the front? 
Good idea. With the proper lighting, that spot would work better. 
Great work, you two. 
Oh, Captain. 
Are you preparing the stage for "The Miracle Bells"? 
Yes. Just a little before we start rehearsal… 
Well, you could say that we're just doing a bit of prep work. Nothing final.
Hehe, right, Maria? 
Um… Heh, yeah. 
Why only prep work?
I can't wait. 
Why only prep work?
I can't wait. 
Are you hiding something? 
Why are you only doing prep work?
That’s because, you know, we have to wait for a certain someone to give us the final set directions.
Kohran… 
…Ah, oops. The rest is still a secret.
Captain, we still have some work to do, so… 
If you don't mind, could you please check on the others?
Yeah, that's a great idea! I think everyone else is either in the dressing or prop room.
Anyway, thank you for visiting, Captain.
I can’t help but feel like I was just kicked out.
Anyway, I guess I should go to another room. 
I can't wait to see what kind of set it will be. 
Ahaha! I’m also looking forward to it. What about you, Maria?
Heh, I feel the same.
Alrighty then, Maria. Let’s get back to work.
Well, Captain. I’m afraid we still have a lot to do.
Yeah, good luck. 
Everyone is really giving it their all for this Christmas performance. 
OK. I should do the same and sharpen up my ticket collecting skills.
Are you two hiding something? The way you're laughing is making me curious. 
Eh? Chief… You're pretty sharp.
Kohran. We can’t say anything yet, remember?
Captain, we still have some work to do, so… 
If you don't mind, could you please check on the others?
Yeah, that's a great idea! I think everyone else is either in the dressing or prop room.
I-Is that so? 
Indeed. So please, go visit them, Captain.
I can’t help but feel like I was just kicked out.
Anyway, I guess I should go to another room. 
…OK then, Maria. Let’s get back to work.
…All right. 
Captain, we still have some work to do, so… 
If you don't mind, could you please check on the others?
Yeah, you're right. OK then, keep at it, you two. 
Thanks, Chief! 
Thank you for visiting us, Captain.
Everyone is really giving it their all for this Christmas performance.. 
OK. I should do the same and sharpen up my ticket collecting skills.
Maria… If we put that there, won't it make it harder for the audience to see? 
Hmm… It's a bit hard to say. 
… 
They're still working. I better not interrupt them. 
OK, let's check another room. 
The Christmas performance will be our final play for the year. 
“The Miracle Bells,” huh… I wonder what kind of play it will be. 
Arf, arf! 
Change value of dog flag.
Hey, Shiro. You're still energetic, even in this cold weather. 
Hey, Hanamaru. You're still energetic, even in this cold weather. 
Hey, Dai. You're still energetic, even in this cold weather. 
Hey, Torte. You're still energetic, even in this cold weather. 
Hey, Long. You're still energetic, even in this cold weather. 
Hey, Altair. You're still energetic, even in this cold weather. 
Hey, Hund. You're still energetic, even in this cold weather. 
Arf! 
By the way, I heard that you're sleeping in front of the salon's fireplace at night. 
Woof. 
Hahaha. Well, aren't you a smart boy. 
Be careful not to catch a cold. 
Arf, arf! 
Aw-wooo! 
Change value of dog flag.
Shiro is working hard to dig a hole. Is he burying bones or something? 
Hanamaru is working hard to dig a hole. Is he burying bones or something? 
Dai is working hard to dig a hole. Is he burying bones or something? 
Torte is working hard to dig a hole. Is he burying bones or something? 
Long is working hard to dig a hole. Is he burying bones or something? 
Altair is working hard to dig a hole. Is he burying bones or something? 
Hund is working hard to dig a hole. Is he burying bones or something? 
…! <br> Arf, arf, arf! 
Oh, you found me. I won't steal them. Don't worry. 
Arf, arf, arf! 
OK, OK. I'll stay away. Bye, Shiro. 
OK, OK. I'll stay away. Bye, Hanamaru. 
OK, OK. I'll stay away. Bye, Dai. 
OK, OK. I'll stay away. Bye, Torte. 
OK, OK. I'll stay away. Bye, Long. 
OK, OK. I'll stay away. Bye, Altair. 
OK, OK. I'll stay away. Bye, Hund. 
Ah! It’s already past 4:45! Where'd the time go?
I forgot I had an appointment with Kaede! 
I gotta hurry to her room. I hope she'll forgive me for being a little late. 
Yo, Ogami. 
That voice… Kayama? 
Exactly! It's been a while, Ogami. 
Kayama… Can't you just come in through the entrance hall? 
Come on, come on. It's fine. 
I'm a lucky man indeed, getting to spend the end of the year like this with you.
So many things have happened to us all, but I'd still call it a good year. 
I wonder what the next one will bring. 
There’s a proverb I know. "Speak of next year and the devils laugh.”
Don't worry about what the future might bring. It’s more important to live in the present. 
You're right. Thanks, Kayama. 
Now that's the Ogami I know. 
Later, Ogami. Adiós. 
And… Merry Christmas. 
Christmas is still pretty far away, you know. 
Ugh, it’s really cold… Winter came so suddenly. 
We've only got a few weeks left before the new year. 
It's empty. Nobody's here. 
Everyone said they were going to be around the stage. 
I hope these seats will be filled with guests when the Christmas play premieres. 
Well, it is a Flower Division performance, after all. I think we'll be OK. 
I just talked with everyone in here earlier. 
I'm sure they're at the stage right now. 
No one's playing games before the performance, just as I thought. 
I'm sure everyone's doing rehearsals on the stage right now. 
Phew… Being in my own room is quite relaxing. 
Now, what should I do… 
Make a call. 
Maybe next time. 
I know, why don't I make a call? 
OK, who should I contact?
Good afternoon. <br> It's time for Capital News. 
During the attempted coup d'etat, Tokyo was under the rebel force’s control.
The Imperial Assault Troop was found battling with the Black Demon Society at Ginza and Shinjuku. 
Additionally, the troop was seen piloting what appeared to be new Spirit Armor.
It's possible that they have developed a new model for capital defense. 
Today, the Nippon Railway company has opened the Yamanote Loop Line for business.
The new line connecting Kanda and Ueno has finished, which completes the full-circle railway. 
Passengers can now reach neighboring towns efficiently without having to transfer trains. 
The Cabinet has approved a new code bill for the Imperial Army in today's meeting. 
This bill is mainly supported by the conservative faction in the House of Peers. 
Meanwhile, due to the recent coup, many in the House desire an even stricter bill. 
The Imperial Diet is likely to remain in turmoil for some time. 
Finally, it's time for this week's weather forecast. 
December's come and winter is about to arrive in Tokyo in full force. 
A harsh cold is being predicted to continue for some time. 
There are only a few weeks left in the year, and so we wish all our listeners a happy New Year. 
That's it for Capital News, brought to you by the Capital Daily Report. 
This concludes today's broadcast. We hope you will tune in for tomorrow's program. 
A red shadow opposes the evildoers lurking in the darkness of the capital. His name is Masked Red! 
Masked Red, the boy wonder of justice! Today he continues his fight for peace in the capital! 
Serial Radio Drama Masked Red, Special Episode: The Seven Secrets of Masked Red, Last Chapter. 
Masked Red's Secrets, #5: What does Masked Red drive? 
His vehicle of choice is an all-purpose motorcycle called the Mach Red. 
Equipped with a special steam engine, it can go from Asakusa to Ginza in five minutes. 
Masked Red's Secrets, #6: Who are Masked Red's friends? 
His biggest supporters are Professor Yukawa, a brilliant scientist, and his daughter, Miss Masae. 
Professor Yukawa made all of Masked Red's equipment such as the Mach Red and his twin Colt 1911's. 
Miss Masae meanwhile is a kind girl who helps Masked Red with his injuries. 
Masked Red's Secrets, #7: Where does Masked Red come from? 
He comes out of nowhere and leaves in the blink of an eye. 
Whenever you're in trouble, just call out his name. He'll surely come to the rescue. 
It's his duty. Fight on, Masked Red! You're our hero, Masked Red! 
Well then, loyal followers, I hope we get the chance to meet again. Farewell. 
Go, Masked Red! Fight on, Masked Red! Till we meet again! 
Huh? Sounds like someone's at the door. 
Yes? Who is it? 
Uhm… Ogami, is this a good time? 
Oh, Kasumi. Just a minute. 
Hi, Kasumi. <br> Do you need something? 
Well… If you’re available, do you think you could help me sort receipts later today?
You can come to the secretarial office at 5 o'clock.
Sorting receipts, huh…
I'm sure you're busy. If it turns out you don't have time, that's quite all right. 
Well, excuse me for now. 
5 o'clock at the secretarial office. <br> What to do? 
Huh? Sounds like someone's at the door. 
Who is it? 
It's Yuri. Ogami, can I ask for your help? 
Oh, Yuri. Just a minute? 
Yuri… What kind of help do you need?
I need someone to switch out the posters with me by the VIP entrance around 5 o’clock.
You can come if you have the time. It's no problem if you're already too busy, though. 
(5 o'clock… Wasn't Kasumi also asking for help at that time?)
I'll leave it up to you, OK? Just come by if you’re free! 
Ah, Yuri! 
Oh boy… Both of them want my help at 5 o'clock. Talk about bad timing. 
Huh? Sounds like someone's at the door. 
Yes? 
It's Tsubaki. Can I ask you something, Ogami? 
Now it's Tsubaki, huh? 
Hi, Tsubaki. By any chance, are you here to ask for my help? 
Eehh?! How’d you know, Ogami?
I was planning to arrange some merchandise at 5 o'clock to prepare for the Christmas performance. 
I was thinking about asking you for help, if that’s all right with you, Ogami.
(Of all the times, even Tsubaki needs me at 5…)
I'm sure you're busy. So if it turns out you can’t make it, that's perfectly fine! 
I'm going back to the gift shop now, so please excuse me! 
Aah, Tsubaki! 
…What am I going to do? All three of them want my help at the same time.
First, I have an appointment with Kaede… So let’s focus on that for now.
Now… Where should I head next? 
Ah! It’s already past 4:45! Where'd the time go?
I forgot I had an appointment with Kaede! 
I gotta hurry to her room. I hope she'll forgive me for being a little late. 
Let's do this later. I still have other stuff to do. 
I wonder if Kaede's in her room right now.
Let's come back a little bit later. 
Ah, it’s getting late. I better hurry to Kaede's room…
Oh, wait. I'm already here. 
I wonder what she wants to talk about, anyway.
Uh… It's Ogami. 
Oh, Ogami. You're rather early. 
I still haven't finished my tasks yet. Could you wait for me a little longer? 
I see. Understood. 
Looks like I came a bit earlier than I was supposed to. 
I think I'll go somewhere else to kill some time. 
Nobody's here, huh? Well, it's not like many people usually come here anyway. 
There's nothing I can do in here, so I better get going. 
Is anyone in the library…? 
No one’s around… I suppose everyone went to the stage.
I wonder if Reni is in her room.
She's not here… I guess she's at the stage. 
Reni… Still using notebook paper as a nameplate, I see. 
OK, let's check another room. 
I wonder if Sakura is in her room.
It's just like Sakura to have a cute nameplate like this. 
I better check another room, I guess. 
She's not here… I guess she's at the stage. 
I wonder if Kanna is in her room.
Kanna's nameplate… It looks more like a nametag to me. 
I better check another room, I guess. 
She's not here… I guess she's at the stage. 
I wonder if Orihime is in her room.
She's not here… I guess she's at the stage. 
The nameplate has a simple design, but it sure looks classy. 
Let's go check another room. 
I wonder if Maria is in her room.
It's Maria's nameplate. It has a simplistic design. 
I better check another room, I guess. 
She's not here… I guess she's at the stage. 
I wonder if Iris is in her room. 
So Iris's nameplate is shaped like Jean-Paul. 
Guess I'll go somewhere else. 
She's not here… I guess she's at the stage. 
I wonder if Kohran is in her room.
A gear-shaped nameplate, huh? It's just Kohran's style. 
I better check another room, I guess. 
She's not here… I guess she's at the stage. 
I wonder if Sumire is in her room.
This is a pretty subtle design, considering it's Sumire. 
I better check another room, I guess. 
She's not here… I guess she's at the stage. 
Ah! It’s already past 4:45! Where'd the time go?
I forgot I had an appointment with Kaede! 
I gotta hurry to her room. I hope she'll forgive me for being a little late. 
With the Black Demon Society gone, the Flower Division won't be deployed for a while. 
Seems that we can finish this year safe and sound. What a relief. 
This spirit radar was really useful when we were detecting the Pandemonium Regalia's whereabouts. 
There are only a handful of steam processors like this in Japan. We can always rely on it in a pinch.
Hmm… Guess no one's here. 
I probably shouldn't stick around here. 
I thought someone might be taking a bath right now, but I guess not. 
Oh well, I'll just go somewhere else. 
No one's in the changing room. Looks like nobody's in the bathroom either. 
Well, I guess everyone must be at the stage now. 
This pool remains warm even during the winter. I can swim here year-round. 
I heard that it uses heat from an underground boiler. 
Looks like no one's in the training room. 
Guess everyone's gone to the stage… Nobody's around.
The wall that got blown up by the coup forces has already been repaired. 
I was surprised to see that the Rose Division was protecting the Regalia… 
Aaah, Ichiro! Welcome! 
Even though we have nothing to guard now that the Pandemonium Regalia is gone…
We’ve decided to stay here a bit longer and support you guys!
Ogami… I’m so happy… I can stay here with you…
R-Right… 
Anyway, there's one thing I'd like to ask you, Ensign Ogami… 
Deep down, do you harbor any regrets about destroying the Regalia?
I don’t have any regrets.
I do have some regrets. 
No, I don’t have any regrets.
We can protect Tokyo with our own strength, without relying on the power of the Regalia…
Even now, my mind hasn't changed. 
Wow! You're so cool, Ichiro! 
That's wonderful to hear, Ogami… 
We're relieved to hear that answer, Ensign Ogami… 
The truth is… I do have some regrets.
Did I get carried away and doom us all? 
No, I don't believe that to be the truth. 
The Pandemonium Regalia shouldn't exist… We all agreed on that. 
We believe that… you made the right decision… 
Uh… I don't really know. 
Ensign Ogami… Have some confidence in your actions. 
The Pandemonium Regalia shouldn't exist… We all agreed on that. 
We believe that… you made the right decision… 
Our mission is to protect the capital with our own strength…
We were so preoccupied with the Regalia’s power, that we forgot that simple fact.
Kotone… 
Our point is, we'll keep working together with you guys, for the sake of Tokyo! 
We'll always be in this room… So please visit us any time. 
The secret unit of love and beauty, the Rose Division, looks forward to seeing you again soon!
Uh-huh… OK. 
Oh boy… Looks like the Rose Division is going to be sticking around. 
Well, the more the merrier, I suppose. I guess it'll be fine.
Ah, Ichiro! You came back! 
W-Well… I ended up back here somehow… 
To be honest with you, we can't return to the Imperial Army right now. 
The Army is still a mess after losing Kyogoku, right? 
And… we thought that our return would only make things worse, so… 
I-I see… I get what you mean. 
Which is why, we'll be in your care once again, Ensign Ogami. 
We wouldn't mind staying in the theater forever, if you're OK with it! 
Yokihiko… That's a wonderful idea! 
Uh… Uh-huh… <br> Well, I need to get going. 
My, that's too bad. You can stay here as long as you want, you know.
Don't hesitate to drop by our room anytime.
Whew… Those guys are the same as they ever were.
They're right, though. If they returned to the Army, it would just cause a big mess. 
The Assault Troupe’s new Spirit Armor, the Tenbu…
Thanks to these, our combat capabilities have grown even stronger which is reassuring.
Ah! It’s already past 4:45! Where'd the time go?
I forgot I had an appointment with Kaede! 
I gotta hurry to her room. I hope she'll forgive me for being a little late. 
Uhm… Ogami… 
Hi, Kasumi. Do you need something? 
Well… If you have the time, do you think you could help me sort receipts later today?
You can come to the secretarial office at 5 o'clock. 
Sorting receipts, huh…
I'm sure you're busy. If it turns out you don't have time, that's quite all right. 
Well, excuse me for now. 
5 o'clock at the secretarial office. What to do? 
Ogamiiii. Wait up! 
Do you need something, Yuri? 
Ogami, can I ask you for a little help? 
A little help? 
Yeah. Around 5 o’clock, I’ll be switching out the posters over by the VIP entrance.
You can stop by if you have the time. It's no problem if you're already too busy, though. 
(5 o'clock… Wasn't Kasumi asking for help at that time too?) 
I'll leave it up to you, OK? Just come by if you’re free.
Ah, Yuri! 
Oh boy… Both of them want my help at 5 o'clock. Talk about bad timing.
Oh, right! Ogami, wait up. 
Tsubaki… Don’t tell me. Do you need help with something?
Ogamiii! 
Tsubaki… Don’t tell me. Do you need help with something?
Eehh?! How’d you know, Ogami?
I was planning to arrange some merchandise at 5 o'clock to prepare for the Christmas performance. 
I was thinking about asking you for help, if that’s all right with you, Ogami.
(Of all the times, even Tsubaki needs me at 5…)
I'm sure you're busy. So if it turns out you can’t make it, that's perfectly fine! 
I'm going back to the gift shop now, so please excuse me! 
Aah, Tsubaki! 
…What am I going to do? All three of them want my help at the same time.
Sorry Ogami, but customers are only allowed to purchase one of each bromide. 
I see. That's too bad. 
So sorry, Mr. Ogami, but customers are only allowed to purchase one of each bromide.
Oh, really? That's too bad. 
Shiro 
Hanamaru 
Dai 
Torte 
Long 
Altair 
Hund 
Sakura 
Sumire 
Maria 
Kanna 
Iris 
Kohran 
Orihime 
Reni 
Shiro 
Hanamaru 
Dai 
Torte 
Long 
Altair 
Hund 
Sakura 
Sumire 
Maria 
Kanna 
Iris 
Kohran 
Orihime 
Reni 
The jewel of the Pandemonium Regalia, entrusted to us by the Rose Division. 
Spirit Sword Arataka. The special sword of the Shinguji family. 
Divine Sword Shirahatori. Entrusted to me by Kaede. A special sword passed down by the Fujieda family. 
Luminous Blade Mukei. A special sword entrusted to us by Kazuma that once belonged to Major Yamazaki. 
Divide Blade Mekkyaku. A special sword entrusted to me by Yoneda. 
The uniform I wear at the theater. Good for both summer and winter. 
A lighter borrowed from the inn. 
The flower crown that Iris made for Reni. 
Plates for the welcome party. Sakura asked us to get them for her. 
A bromide of Sakura. 
A bromide of Sakura. This one is a limited edition only available at New Year's. 
A bromide of Sumire. 
A bromide of Sumire. This one is a limited edition only available at New Year's. 
A bromide of Maria. 
A bromide of Maria. This one is a limited edition only available at New Year's. 
A bromide of Kanna. 
A bromide of Kanna. This one is a limited edition only available at New Year's. 
A bromide of Iris. 
A bromide of Iris. This one is a limited edition only available at New Year's. 
A bromide of Kohran. 
A bromide of Kohran. This one is a limited edition only available at New Year's. 
A bromide of Orihime. 
A bromide of Orihime. This one is a limited edition only available at New Year's. 
A bromide of Reni. 
A bromide of Reni. This one is a limited edition only available at New Year's. 
A decorative paper ball for the welcome party called a kusudama. 
A flower vase for the welcome party.
The banner for the welcome party.
The Kinematron. One of Kohran's inventions that lets you see and talk to someone from far away. 
The sword of the Pandemonium Regalia, recovered from the Demon King. 
The mirror of the Pandemonium Regalia, recovered from the Demon King. 
Fragments of the broken Kinematron. Seems like the kids at the inn picked them up along the shore. 
A letter from Sakura. 
A letter from Sumire. 
A letter from Maria. 
A letter from Kanna. 
A letter from Iris. 
A letter from Kohran. 
A letter from Orihime. 
A letter from Reni. 
A scarf given to me by Sakura. It's knitted with red yarn - my favorite color. 
A scarf given to me by Sakura. It's knitted with blue yarn - my favorite color. 
A scarf given to me by Sakura. It's knitted with yellow yarn - my favorite color.
…(){}[]-.,!? 
Welcome to Pompadour Chikamatsu's Fortune Telling. Here is what fate has in store for you. 
Your lucky color is peach. A fateful encounter will bring good luck. 
Your lucky color is purple. If you're a wise shopper, you'll be in luck. 
Your lucky color is red. Now is the time to move forward. Take the first bold step. 
Your lucky color is black. Choose stylish clothes for a different look. 
Your lucky color is yellow. Rather than thinking about things, go with your gut. 
Your lucky color is green. You can't do what you always do. Challenge yourself with new ideas. 
Your lucky color is pink. Don't get too worked up. Take a nap to improve your luck. 
Your lucky color is blue. Talking may ruin your luck. Stay silent every once in a while. 
Your lucky color is white. You will surely receive help from those around you. 
Cherish new encounters. But don't neglect your existing relationships. 
You will find a big wall before you, but there will always be a way forward. 
The place closest to Heaven is your lucky place today. You will find what you are looking for. 
The people closest to us are the least likely to understand. Time may solve your problems. 
It is the boldest action that will bring you luck. Act with your heart, not your head. 
You will have a strong partner to help you. It is good to rely on them. 
Today you will meet someone who will affect you for the rest of your life. Be careful. 
There are people who seek your help. Cherish your kindness. 
You're showing ripples in your water. Bold action will bring you luck. 
You've been through so much. Why not take a break from it all among nature? 
Cherish the opportunity to rest. Sometimes it's important to take a break. 
The more silent a person is, the more deeply they think about things. Be supportive of them. 
A major turning point awaits you. You may be betrayed by someone you trusted. 
People can always come to an understanding. Never give up. 
You have a fire hazard in your life. Be careful not to get burned. 
Tell them your honest feelings. They're sure to understand you. 
The white snow will bring you and your lover closer together. Go out on a snowy night. 
The key word is waves. Take a trip to the beach today. You may have a fateful encounter. 
Independence and ambition will be strengthened. Passion in your love life will lead to victory.
Your studies and work will go well. Being proactive in your ambitions will lead to increased luck. 
This week's money luck is wasteful. When in doubt, don't buy. 
Be careful with food. Try to avoid foods that cool you down. 
Your luck is at its peak this month. Especially this week, your love life is at its best. Be proactive! 
Luck and success will come your way. Start something new this week and it will bring you good luck. 
You will have luck with success and completion. You will get the approval and results you wanted. 
Now is the time to do what you've been hesitating to do. Things will go the way you think they will. 
Be careful with food. Try to avoid foods that cool you down. 
Your luck in love will soar this month. Venus is at a good angle. You'll be surrounded by good people. 
You'll get another chance. There are suggestions that you may get back together with an ex-lover or friend.  
This week, if you are proactive, you'll be noticed by those around you and see new developments. 
I sense extra income in your future. It's time to broaden your interests. Be careful with your spending. 
It seems you might hit your pinky toe against a wardrobe. Please be careful. 
If you have a crush, go on the attack! The trick is to push and then pull a little. 
Be cautious with your choices. If you are tempted by something dangerous, you may regret it. 
It's a time when circumstances are likely to change. Don't act rashly. Be cautious. 
If you're too aggressive, you might end up spinning out of control. It's good to take a look at yourself. 
Your health will gradually improve over the weekend. But don't stay up too late.
It's time for your integrity to shine. Your love life will take a turn for the better. 
You will become a person who can be counted on, working hard for others and giving them advice. 
Your doubts will disappear, misunderstandings will be cleared. Your fortune will improve but be cautious.
Maintain the status quo rather than moving forward. Indiscretion and vanity are a recipe for failure. 
Saving is hard. You'll have what you want by the end of the month. 
You'll meet a lot of people. But it may not lead to love. Take it easy this week. 
There is a hint of self-doubt. Don't make a move. It's a good way to keep your luck alive. 
Now is the time to take it easy. Don't rush, just go with the flow. 
If you spend money generously this week you may get twice as much back. But be wary. 
Your health will gradually improve over the weekend. But don't stay up too late.
Popularity is focused on one's mellow stories. Your love life is on the rise but only with one person.
It's a turning of the stars. Be careful of love triangles. 
Secrets are revealed, trust is lost, and unexpected pitfalls appear… 
Entertainment expenses are likely to be high. Don't be stingy, think of it as an investment. 
Be mindful of injuries and illness caused by carelessness. They'll add up and bring you trouble.
You are a devoted partner. Your feelings are clear. All you have to do is wait for their response.
Your lack of experience may cause you to stumble. Advice from an older person can turn your luck around. 
Your luck is going down… A humble attitude and calm judgment are the key to survival. 
You need to spread out your activities. Hang out with a lot of good people. Cherish the small encounters. 
Ride your bike along the river. You may come across some interesting incidents. 
This week, you will meet your ideal person. Your favorite restaurant will be the place to meet someone. 
There may be opposition from those around you. Don't be hard on yourself. Try to listen to them.
A balanced relationship and a serious approach to socializing will help you. 
If you try to do things out in the open, you might get sidetracked and end up striking out… 
Your money luck is going down this week. When in doubt, don't buy anything. 
Your relationship may progress. A date at a smart place like a museum or art gallery is recommended. 
Energy floods your whole body. You can be active in any situation. In love, you will be compatible. 
Your hard work has paid off. Work and relationships are going well. You are in good health. 
Your luck is at its peak. There may be times when you go too far. It's important to be considerate.
Be careful with your fingertips. The slightest injury could become a serious problem.