To think, the year's almost over. 
You're right. It's already December and the weather's gotten really frigid. 
This is a difficult season for me. I am not what you would call an early bird. 
True, as the temperature lowers, the body's mobility tends to slow down as well. 
But when it snows, we can build a snowman or have a snowball fight. 
It'll be loads of fun! 
Everyone here seems to have different opinions on winter, huh? 
What about you, Chief? Do you like winter or are you not a fan?
I like winter. 
I don't like winter… 
I like it. The cold never bothered me much. 
Huh?… And just what is so great about winter? 
Well… 
Playing winter games.
Having delicious hot pots.
Kotatsu and oranges? 
There's all kinds of games you can play in the winter. 
Yeah, yeah! Snowball fights are the best! 
Sports such as skiing and skating can only be enjoyed in winter as well. 
Hmm… Is that all? 
Having delicious hot pots. Sitting around the stew with everyone is always a good time. 
Hot pot? 
It’s a meal where we cook different foods together in a pot of boiling broth, and then we all eat from it.
Yeah, yeah! It’s super tasty and warms ya right up…
But above all else, it's just fun to gather ‘round and have some grub with everyone.
Ooh, is that so? 
I kind of like to just laze around under a kotatsu and eat some mandarin oranges.
Ehehe. Oh, Ogami. But, yes, that certainly is nice.
Kotatsu? What's that? 
A kotatsu is… <br> Well, uh… It's covered with a heavy blanket, and… 
Um… It's kind of hard to explain. 
A kotatsu is a Japanese heating device. 
It's a table covered with a blanket where burning charcoal briquettes underneath warm the body.
Well, when we put the kotatsu out, you'll understand once you try it. 
Uh… Now that I think of it, I don't really know what's so great about winter. 
At least it's better than summer, I guess? 
That’s all you have to say? What a boring answer.
I feel like a fool even for asking.
I don’t really like winter. I can’t stand the cold…
Tee-hee! Mon Frère doesn’t like getting chilly!
But on the other hand, there are many delicious seasonal dishes to enjoy in the winter. 
Yeah, yeah! Gatherin’ ‘round a hot pot with everyone is the best! 
Hmm, winter, huh… I can’t say one way or the other.
After traveling the world during my training voyage, I've come to realize something…
Every one of the four seasons in Japan is beautiful. I can't really choose a favorite, myself.
…Very true. I’m also a big fan of all the seasons in Japan.
To me, winter is my favorite. It's the season where I can enjoy all kinds of kimonos. 
Heheh, just like how a bagworm wraps themselves up in the winter. 
You're one to talk, eating all those extra meals lately. Are you preparing to hibernate or something?
Now you've done it, Sumire. It’s been a while since our last fight. Ya ready to rumble?!
Oh goodness, you two never change. 
We're going to be rehearsing for our Christmas play, remember? So cut it out, you two.
Christmas play? 
That’s right. The show’s title is "The Miracle Bells." 
It will be a special one-night production retelling the miracle of Christmas…
The performance will be held on Christmas Eve with the Holy Mother leading the play as the starring role.
I can't wait. 
Who’s playing the lead?
A special one-night event, huh? I can’t wait.
This will be the Flower Division's last play of the year. 
Everyone is excited to give a spectacular performance, so look forward to it. 
By the way, who's going to play the lead part? 
Well, you see… 
Hm? 
We already have candidates for the role… 
But we still haven't made the final decision on who gets to play the Holy Mother. 
Oh… 
Mon Frère, we'll do our best… 
So do your best for the play, too. OK? 
Me? 
I-Iris! 
Oh… 
You meant to wish him luck with his ticket punching duties, right, Iris?
Y-Yeah! Good luck, Mon Frère! 
All right, everyone. It's time to begin our rehearsal. 
OK! Bring it on! 
Well, Captain, we must be off. 
Feel free to stop by and watch if you’d like, Ogami. 
Christmas performance, huh? I wonder what kind of play it'll end up being. 
Ogami. 
Kaede? Do you need something? 
I'd like to speak with you alone for a moment.
Can you come to my room in about 30 minutes? 
30 minutes? That'll be at 4:45, then. 
Yes. I'll be waiting for you. 
I wonder what Kaede wants to talk about. 
For now, I'll just walk around the theater to kill some time. 
Sorry Ogami, but customers are only allowed to purchase one of each bromide. 
I see. That's too bad. 
So sorry, Mr. Ogami, but customers are only allowed to purchase one of each bromide.
Oh, really? That's too bad. 
The jewel of the Pandemonium Regalia, entrusted to us by the Rose Division. 
Spirit Sword Arataka. The special sword of the Shinguji family. 
Divine Sword Shirahatori. Entrusted to me by Kaede. A special sword passed down by the Fujieda family. 
Luminous Blade Mukei. A special sword entrusted to us by Kazuma that once belonged to Major Yamazaki. 
Divide Blade Mekkyaku. A special sword entrusted to me by Yoneda. 
The uniform I wear at the theater. Good for both summer and winter. 
A lighter borrowed from the inn. 
The flower crown that Iris made for Reni. 
A plate used at the welcome party. I was asked to bring it to Sakura. 
A bromide of Sakura. 
A bromide of Sakura. This one is a limited edition only available at New Year's. 
A bromide of Sumire. 
A bromide of Sumire. This one is a limited edition only available at New Year's. 
A bromide of Maria. 
A bromide of Maria. This one is a limited edition only available at New Year's. 
A bromide of Kanna. 
A bromide of Kanna. This one is a limited edition only available at New Year's. 
A bromide of Iris. 
A bromide of Iris. This one is a limited edition only available at New Year's. 
A bromide of Kohran. 
A bromide of Kohran. This one is a limited edition only available at New Year's. 
A bromide of Orihime. 
A bromide of Orihime. This one is a limited edition only available at New Year's. 
A bromide of Reni. 
A bromide of Reni. This one is a limited edition only available at New Year's. 
A decorative paper ball for the welcome party called a kusudama. 
A flower vase for the welcome party.
The banner for the welcome party.
The Kinematron. One of Kohran's inventions that lets you see and talk to someone from far away. 
The sword of the Pandemonium Regalia, recovered from the Demon King. 
The mirror of the Pandemonium Regalia, recovered from the Demon King. 
Fragments of the broken Kinematron. Seems like the kids at the inn picked them up along the shore. 
A letter from Sakura. 
A letter from Sumire. 
A letter from Maria. 
A letter from Kanna. 
A letter from Iris. 
A letter from Kohran. 
A letter from Orihime. 
A letter from Reni. 
A scarf given to me by Sakura. It's knitted with red yarn - my favorite color. 
A scarf given to me by Sakura. It's knitted with blue yarn - my favorite color. 
A scarf given to me by Sakura. It's knitted with yellow yarn - my favorite color. 
Shiro 
Hanamaru 
Dai 
Torte 
Long 
Altair 
Hund 
Sakura 
Sumire 
Maria 
Kanna 
Iris 
Kohran 
Orihime 
Reni 
Shiro 
Hanamaru 
Dai 
Torte 
Long 
Altair 
Hund 
Sakura 
Sumire 
Maria 
Kanna 
Iris 
Kohran 
Orihime 
Reni 
… "" "" () - . , ! ? ?! !!