By the way, has everyone made a resolution for this year? 
Mine’s to get stronger and stronger! That’s all there is to it.
I want to become more grown-up!
…Can you even call that a resolution?
What about you, Ogami? Would you like to share your resolution?
My resolution is to…
Strive for peace. 
Get along with everyone.
Have a fun life.
My resolution this year is to strive for peace in the capital.
Hmhm, so diligent, just as you’d expect from the captain of the Flower Division.
My resolution this year is to get along with everyone.
Hehe, that’s just the kind of answer I’d expect from you, Ogami.
My resolution this year is to live a fun life full of laughter.
My… <br> What a resolution that is. 
That does seem like a fun way to live, certainly…
But, as the division's captain, perhaps you should come up with something a bit more constructive.
R-Right… 
…I haven’t given it much thought.
Oh, is that so? 
It's the beginning of a new year, so you should try to come up with some goals you want to achieve. 
Hmm… OK, I’ll try to think of something.
Sakura, you seem to have made a resolution. Mind sharing it with us?
My resolution this year is to polish my swordsmanship. 
I intend to diligently practice my kenjutsu this year, starting with the basics, my form…
Hopefully I can get even one step closer to achieving the impenetrable stance of my father.
I getcha… That's a nice resolution.
As such, I’m planning to return to my hometown of Sendai during the holiday.
I see… What about everyone else? Do you have plans for the New Year holiday?
I was thinking of going back to the Kanzaki estate, myself.
Heh, I’m gonna visit my old man’s grave back in Okinawa.
Is that so… <br> How about you, Maria? 
I'm planning to visit Count Hanakoji's residence for New Year's. I owe him a lot. 
I was gonna head down to Kobe to visit the man that took care of me way back in the day.
I see… 
Mon Frère, Mon Frère! <br> You gotta hear this! 
My papa and mama are coming all the way from France to see me! 
You don’t say. Good for you, Iris.
Yeah! I'll get to spend lots of time with Papa and Mama! 
I am doing the same. Mamma is traveling all the way from Italy to see Papa!
Really? Reuniting after all this time… Isn't that great? 
Yes! Fantastico! 
By the way, what will you be doing, Ogami?
I'll be staying here. 
I want to go out. 
Lazing in bed. 
I'll be staying here. 
Even though we took down the Black Demon Society, I’m worried about leaving the theater unattended. 
Hmhm, that’s quite diligent of you.
Let's see… I also want to go somewhere. 
Well, you're free to leave if you'd like. 
This is one of only a few occasions in the year where we can take time off, so no need to hold back.
I plan to just laze around in bed for New Year's.
Hmhm, it is a holiday after all. I suppose that's not a bad choice. 
I haven’t decided on any plans yet.
Haha, that’s very like you, Ogami. Laid back as always. 
Well then, everyone. I hope you’ll all have a relaxing time during your New Year’s vacation.
For those returning home, take care during your travels. 
Right, understood. 
Sorry Ogami, but customers are only allowed to purchase one of each bromide. 
I see. That's too bad. 
So sorry, Mr. Ogami, but customers are only allowed to purchase one of each bromide.
Oh, really? That's too bad.  
The jewel of the Pandemonium Regalia, entrusted to us by the Rose Division. 
Spirit Sword Arataka. The special sword of the Shinguji family. 
Divine Sword Shirahatori. Entrusted to me by Kaede. A special sword passed down by the Fujieda family. 
Luminous Blade Mukei. A special sword entrusted to us by Kazuma that once belonged to Major Yamazaki. 
Divide Blade Mekkyaku. A special sword entrusted to me by Yoneda. 
The uniform I wear at the theater. Good for both summer and winter. 
A lighter borrowed from the inn. 
The flower crown that Iris made for Reni. 
A plate used at the welcome party. I was asked to bring it to Sakura. 
A bromide of Sakura. 
A bromide of Sakura. This one is a limited edition only available at New Year's. 
A bromide of Sumire. 
A bromide of Sumire. This one is a limited edition only available at New Year's. 
A bromide of Maria. 
A bromide of Maria. This one is a limited edition only available at New Year's. 
A bromide of Kanna. 
A bromide of Kanna. This one is a limited edition only available at New Year's. 
A bromide of Iris. 
A bromide of Iris. This one is a limited edition only available at New Year's. 
A bromide of Kohran. 
A bromide of Kohran. This one is a limited edition only available at New Year's. 
A bromide of Orihime. 
A bromide of Orihime. This one is a limited edition only available at New Year's. 
A bromide of Reni. 
A bromide of Reni. This one is a limited edition only available at New Year's. 
A decorative paper ball for the welcome party called a kusudama. 
A flower vase for the welcome party.
The banner for the welcome party.
The Kinematron. One of Kohran's inventions that lets you see and talk to someone from far away. 
The sword of the Pandemonium Regalia, recovered from the Demon King. 
The mirror of the Pandemonium Regalia, recovered from the Demon King. 
Fragments of the broken Kinematron. Seems like the kids at the inn picked them up along the shore. 
A letter from Sakura. 
A letter from Sumire. 
A letter from Maria. 
A letter from Kanna. 
A letter from Iris. 
A letter from Kohran. 
A letter from Orihime. 
A letter from Reni. 
A scarf given to me by Sakura. It's knitted with red yarn - my favorite color. 
A scarf given to me by Sakura. It's knitted with blue yarn - my favorite color. 
A scarf given to me by Sakura. It's knitted with yellow yarn - my favorite color. 
Macro complete. 
Proceed to the next macro. 
Repeat this macro. 
Execute random macro. 
1. New Year 
2. New Year in Theater 
3. Invite to Homecoming 
4. Free Walk 
5. Returning Home 
6. Kyogoku Alive 
…()-.,!??