We managed to drive back the Kouma in the engine room… 
But, unfortunately, Tsuchigumo got away. 
Well, we defended the engine room, so I'd call that a win in my book. Good work out there.
Sheesh… <br> We can't even catch our breath. 
Multiple Kouma inbound from Musashi's direction! 
They're descending upon the deck, one after another! 
Those bastards… <br> They've finally decided to attack the Mikasa directly. 
Commander! <br> There's too many of them! We can't shoot them all down! 
The deck is being torn apart by the Kouma! 
GRAAAAWL! 
Commander! <br> The Mikasa's air vent is on the deck! 
Damn… <br> If they take out that vent, the Mikasa won't be able to maintain altitude! 
Move out, Ogami! Get on the deck and protect that vent! 
Understood! 
Moment of truth, isn't it?
Understood! 
Moment of truth, isn't it? 
…Man, I'm tired. 
Understood! <br> Moving out immediately! 
Good. We're counting on you, Ogami! 
This is the moment of truth, isn't it? 
Yes, it is. We may be hurting, but so is the enemy. 
…Man, I'm tired. <br> I could use a break. 
Now's not the time, dumbass! 
If you don't deal with the enemy right now, you'll be taking a real long break in the grave! 
R-Roger! 
Dammit, Ogami, what are you standing around for?! 
Snap out of it and get going! 
R-Roger! 
Ogami, the Kouma must have a limit to what altitude they can reach before they cease to function.
No matter how brutal their attacks get, you have to hold out. 
Understood. 
If we can make it through this, we'll finally reach Musashi. Good luck, Ogami! 
Yes, ma'am! 
Sorry Ogami, but customers are only allowed to purchase one of each bromide. 
I see. That's too bad. 
So sorry, Mr. Ogami, but customers are only allowed to purchase one of each bromide.
Oh, really? That's too bad. 
Shiro 
Hanamaru 
Dai 
Torte 
Long 
Altair 
Hund 
Shiro 
Hanamaru 
Dai 
Torte 
Long 
Altair 
Hund 
Sakura 
Sumire 
Maria 
Kanna 
Iris 
Kohran 
Orihime 
Reni 
The jewel of the Pandemonium Regalia, entrusted to us by the Rose Division. 
Spirit Sword Arataka. The special sword of the Shinguji family. 
Divine Sword Shirahatori. Entrusted to me by Kaede. A special sword passed down by the Fujieda family. 
Luminous Blade Mukei. A special sword entrusted to us by Kazuma that once belonged to Major Yamazaki. 
Divide Blade Mekkyaku. A special sword entrusted to me by Yoneda. 
The uniform I wear at the theater. Good for both summer and winter. 
A lighter borrowed from the inn. 
The flower crown that Iris made for Reni. 
Plates for the welcome party. Sakura asked us to get them for her. 
A bromide of Sakura. 
A bromide of Sakura. This one is a limited edition only available at New Year's. 
A bromide of Sumire. 
A bromide of Sumire. This one is a limited edition only available at New Year's. 
A bromide of Maria. 
A bromide of Maria. This one is a limited edition only available at New Year's. 
A bromide of Kanna. 
A bromide of Kanna. This one is a limited edition only available at New Year's. 
A bromide of Iris. 
A bromide of Iris. This one is a limited edition only available at New Year's. 
A bromide of Kohran. 
A bromide of Kohran. This one is a limited edition only available at New Year's. 
A bromide of Orihime. 
A bromide of Orihime. This one is a limited edition only available at New Year's. 
A bromide of Reni. 
A bromide of Reni. This one is a limited edition only available at New Year's. 
A decorative paper ball for the welcome party called a kusudama. 
A flower vase for the welcome party.
The banner for the welcome party.
The Kinematron. One of Kohran's inventions that lets you see and talk to someone from far away. 
The sword of the Pandemonium Regalia, recovered from the Demon King. 
The mirror of the Pandemonium Regalia, recovered from the Demon King. 
Fragments of the broken Kinematron. Seems like the kids at the inn picked them up along the shore. 
A letter from Sakura. 
A letter from Sumire. 
A letter from Maria. 
A letter from Kanna. 
A letter from Iris. 
A letter from Kohran. 
A letter from Orihime. 
A letter from Reni. 
A scarf given to me by Sakura. It's knitted with red yarn - my favorite color. 
A scarf given to me by Sakura. It's knitted with blue yarn - my favorite color. 
A scarf given to me by Sakura. It's knitted with yellow yarn - my favorite color. 
…(){}[]-.,!?