Kyaaaah! The ceiling… <br> It's starting to collapse! 
Musashi's begun to fall apart! 
If we don't get out of here fast, we'll be buried alive! 
Th-That's easy enough to say, but there's no way we'll make it out in time! 
Are we gonna… die here? 
It's all right, Iris. The Flower Division won't die so easily! 
That's right! Never give up! We gotta survive! 
Urgh… <br> So this place is starting to fall apart too, huh?! 
That sound… Could that be?! 
The battle was over. 
The demonic threat had passed, and spring arrived at the capital once more. 
The people regained their smiles… 
And little by little, the ruined city was restored to its former glory. 
Life in the Imperial Theater returned to normal… 
Everyone was busy getting ready for the spring production, "Continuation of the Dream." 
And finally, opening day arrived… 
I went back to my ticket-punching duties for the first time in a long while. 
The play was sold out, day after day, from the very start. 
From the audience seating to the lobby, the theater was packed full of guests. 
Everyone at the theater poured their hearts into this production. 
And now, we were about to reach the finale. 
It was a big moment for the troupe, who had both sung and fought alongside each other this past year…
Their smiles from atop that stage were the most radiant I've ever seen. 
I'm certain those smiles gave everyone in attendance hope, dreams, and courage. 
After the curtain fell, the ceaseless applause of the audience… 
Seemed to echo forever and ever throughout the bright spring sky over the capital. 
Sorry Ogami, but customers are only allowed to purchase one of each bromide. 
I see. That's too bad. 
So sorry, Mr. Ogami, but customers are only allowed to purchase one of each bromide.  
Oh, really? That's too bad. 
…()-.,!?? 
The jewel of the Pandemonium Regalia, entrusted to us by the Rose Division. 
Spirit Sword Arataka. The special sword of the Shinguji family. 
Divine Sword Shirahatori. Entrusted to me by Kaede. A special sword passed down by the Fujieda family. 
Luminous Blade Mukei. A special sword entrusted to us by Kazuma that once belonged to Major Yamazaki. 
Divide Blade Mekkyaku. A special sword entrusted to me by Yoneda. 
The uniform I wear at the theater. Good for both summer and winter. 
A lighter borrowed from the inn. 
The flower crown that Iris made for Reni. 
A plate used at the welcome party. I was asked to bring it to Sakura. 
A bromide of Sakura. 
A bromide of Sakura. This one is a limited edition only available at New Year's. 
A bromide of Sumire. 
A bromide of Sumire. This one is a limited edition only available at New Year's. 
A bromide of Maria. 
A bromide of Maria. This one is a limited edition only available at New Year's. 
A bromide of Kanna. 
A bromide of Kanna. This one is a limited edition only available at New Year's. 
A bromide of Iris. 
A bromide of Iris. This one is a limited edition only available at New Year's. 
A bromide of Kohran. 
A bromide of Kohran. This one is a limited edition only available at New Year's. 
A bromide of Orihime. 
A bromide of Orihime. This one is a limited edition only available at New Year's. 
A bromide of Reni. 
A bromide of Reni. This one is a limited edition only available at New Year's. 
A decorative paper ball for the welcome party called a kusudama. 
A flower vase for the welcome party.
The banner for the welcome party.
The Kinematron. One of Kohran's inventions that lets you see and talk to someone from far away. 
The sword of the Pandemonium Regalia, recovered from the Demon King. 
The mirror of the Pandemonium Regalia, recovered from the Demon King. 
Fragments of the broken Kinematron. Seems like the kids at the inn picked them up along the shore. 
A letter from Sakura. 
A letter from Sumire. 
A letter from Maria. 
A letter from Kanna. 
A letter from Iris. 
A letter from Kohran. 
A letter from Orihime. 
A letter from Reni. 
A scarf given to me by Sakura. It's knitted with red yarn - my favorite color. 
A scarf given to me by Sakura. It's knitted with blue yarn - my favorite color. 
A scarf given to me by Sakura. It's knitted with yellow yarn - my favorite color.