Wow, this is so cool! <br> Come on, Mon Frère! <br> Hurry, Hurry!
Hahaha… OK, here we go. 
Hello, this is the Hanayashiki Branch. 
Hi, Kohran. <br> It's been a while. 
Ah, is that you, Chief? <br> You didn’t waste any time getting back in touch, did you?
Well, you went to the trouble of teaching me how to use the Kinemaron, so I figured I’d call. 
Yaaay, it's Kohran! Ehehehe, I’m here too!
Aha, even Iris is there! Let's move to the big screen, OK? 
Hehe, your transmission is coming in loud and clear. I can see Iris's face on screen as well.
I can see your face, too! 
The Hanayashiki Branch isn’t too far from the theater, so the reception is quite good. 
Oh yeah, that’s right. I have some fun news to share.
A radio show called “Masked Red” has recently started broadcasting.
Ooh… That sounds interesting!
If you have a moment to spare, just dial “13510” to tune in to the program.
OK. Thanks, Kohran. 
You can catch a few other broadcasts on the Kinematron as well. Try giving them a listen. 
Anywho, I’m gonna get back to work now. See you guys later. 
Masked Red, huh… <br> Sounds fun! 
You're right. Maybe I'll try listening to the show when I have some free time.
Now… What to do next? 
…Oh, yeah. I heard the news!  About your battle in front of the theater.
And the Eisenkleid! It performed really well, huh? Ah… I wish I could have seen it for myself.
So, which one? Between the Eisenkleid and the Koubu Kai, which one was the strongest? 
Let's see… 
The Eisenkleid, I guess? 
The Koubu Kai, I guess? 
The Eisenkleid, I guess? It was a big help in the battle.
Oho, you don’t say? Man, I can’t wait to get my hands on that mech.
Hahaha, you really love to tinker with machines, don't you? 
The Koubu Kai, I guess? Its balanced functions made it pretty great in battle.
Heh-heh, the Koubu Kai are like my own children so I gave them plenty of love and attention.
Each one was developed with the preferences and personality of the pilot in mind.
Ooh, I didn't know that. No wonder it was easy to pilot. 
Hehehe. Thanks a lot, Chief. 
Hmmm… I’m not sure which was stronger…
Oh, so you didn’t notice a difference? I suppose they are evenly matched. 
The Koubu Kai and Eisenkleid are pretty much on par in terms of performance.
In that case, Kohran… What differentiates them from one another?
Love, of course. The love the pilot and mechanic put into the machine, that’s what matters the most!! 
The Eisenkleid is pretty amazing… But I'm working on some impressive stuff myself, if I do say so.
Look forward to it, 'kay? It'll be done soon. 
OK, I gotta get back to work now. See you two later. 
Good luck, Kohran! Bye-bye! 
Kohran really likes machines, doesn't she? 
Yeah… She was all smiles while we were talking about the Spirit Armors.
…Kohran's not answering. 
She said that she was going back to work.
Oh, right. She did, didn’t she.
Oh, Boss! And… Iris is with you too.
Hi, Kanna. I thought that I should give you a call. 
Hello… 
Oh, Kanna! This is Ogami. 
Oh, it's you, Boss!! Looks like ya got my number! 
Yaaay! It's Kanna, it's Kanna! Hey, hey, are you doing well?
Yeah, of course I am. How 'bout we talk on the big screen.
Hehe, looks like you two are doin’ all right.
OK… What should we talk about? 
Hello… Ensign?
It's been a while, Ensign. My, is that Iris beside you? 
Oh, Sumire, is that you? 
…Whaddya want? The boss and I were right in the middle of a conversation before you butted in.
Oh, Boss, it's you. 
Oh, Kanna. So this is your number. 
Yeah, that’s right. Whatcha callin’ for?
Oh, it's you, Boss. Whaddya want?
Wait a sec. I’ll move to the big screen.
So, Boss, what’s up?
Uh… So, I was thinking… What I did was wrong.
Eh… You called just to apologize?
Yeah… Sorry about earlier, Kanna. I went too far.
It’s no biggie, Boss. I’m not gonna stay mad over a little spat.
Hahaha, thank goodness. All right then, I'm gonna end the call now. See you later, Kanna. 
Yeah, call me again sometime, OK?
…Looks like Kanna is in a good mood again.
That's great, Mon Frère. 
Hello, this is Kanna Kirishima. 
Oh! So this is your number, Kanna?
Is that you, Boss? How’d you get this number?
Hm… It's you, Boss. What’s going on?
Wait a sec. I’ll move to the big screen.
I heard that you went on a mission right after you got back to the theater, Boss. 
That’s right. Bad guys attacked the theater out of nowhere…
But Mon Frère chased them away in a flash! 
Oh, you don’t say? That’s our captain for ya.
All right! I’m not gonna lose to you, Boss…
I gotta train hard before I get back to the theater.
See ya later, Boss. You too, Iris. Be a good kid, OK?
I hope Kanna comes back soon.
Yeah, me too. Kanna’s the type that raises everyone’s spirits when she’s around.
Kanna's not answering… 
She must be either training or eating.
At any rate, I can’t get through to her at the moment…
Hello… 
Hi, Sumire. It's Ogami. 
My, you called my number right away, Ensign! 
…Yes, hello? 
Ah, Sumire! This is Ogami. 
My, Ensign! You already seem to know my number.
Yaaay, it's Sumire! <br> Long time no see! 
Oh, my… <br> Is that Iris with you?
Why don't we talk on the big screen, then? 
By the way, Sumire… <br> Are you still stuck at your parents’ home?
That’s right! My family still won't allow me to leave the estate.
Honestly… What on earth could they be planning…?
Hello. Is that you, Boss? 
Oh… That voice, isn't that Kanna? 
Yo, Boss. <br> Oh… And Iris, too. 
Kanna, please! The ensign and I were right in the middle of a conversation!
Oh my, Ensign… 
Ah, Sumire, so this was your number? 
Yes, that is correct. What can I do for you, Ensign?
Oh, Ensign… <br> Is something the matter?
What business do you have with me, Ensign? 
Uh… I'm sorry about earlier. I went a bit too far. 
…Oh, my! You went to the trouble of calling just to tell me that?
Yes. Please accept my apology.
Ensign… 
I appreciate the sentiment, Ensign. Thank you very much.
That's great, Mon Frère. Sumire said thanks. 
Ah, I’m relieved to hear you say that.
I'm gonna end the call now. See you later, Sumire. 
Yes, I'll excuse myself. Take care. 
From now on you gotta be careful to not hurt a lady’s feelings, Mon Frère.
Uhm… I-I'll be more careful next time. 
…Hello? 
Oh! Sumire, so this was your number? 
My, Ensign… How did you learn this number?
Oh, Ensign. Are you doing well?
Can you wait a moment? I'm going to move to the larger screen.
Listen, Sumire! We're going to have a new teammate soon!! 
Oh, didn't we already have a new member assigned to us last month? 
Well, we have another addition to the team arriving at the theater later this afternoon.
I can’t wait!! I hope we can be friends.
I would love to return as well. I miss relaxing at the salon while enjoying my tea. 
That’s right. You better come back soon, Sumire! Everyone is waiting for you. 
Ohohoho… <br> Thank you very much. 
Well then, I'll excuse myself. Take care. 
OK… Which number should we dial next?
Sumire's not answering… 
Maybe she went into another room? 
Well, I can't get through to her. 
G-Guys, calm down… 
Good grief… Just as we start to have a nice chat, you come to ruin the mood.
I'm talkin’ with the boss now, don't get in my way!
The ensign wishes to converse with ME! 
No, it's ME! Right, Boss? 
I… 
I want to talk to Sumire. 
I want to talk to Kanna.
I want to talk to Iris. 
I want to talk with Sumire… 
Well, look at that. It's just like I said, isn't it?
…Tch. I get it, sorry for intrudin’. 
Ah… That Kanna. She didn’t need to end the transmission like that…
Uh-oh… She cut the call. 
You two are still fighting as usual.
…A-Anyway! I'm going to slip away from the Kanzaki estate any day now.
So make sure to keep my role open for this month’s summer performance.
Good grief… I didn't get to talk much, after all.
Sumire… I wonder if she’ll come home soon.
With her current situation, I think it might be difficult for her to leave.
Now… What to do next? 
I want to talk with Kanna… 
Well, ya hear that? Boss wants to talk with ME! 
…Huh! Goodness, then I shall withdraw myself from this conversation!
Uh… 
Jeez, Sumire. There's no need to cut the call. 
Oh boy… I see you two are still fighting as always.
But Kanna looks a little worried about Sumire.
Do… Don't be ridiculous! Why would I worry about her…
A-Anyway… I'm gonna be back at the theater next month!
Take care, you two! Later! 
Good grief… I didn't get to talk much, after all.
But Kanna said that she’ll be back next month. I can’t wait! 
…That’s right. When Kanna returns, we can sit down for a good chat.
Now… What to do next? 
I want to talk with Iris… 
Huh? <br> Really, Mon Frère? <br> Yaaay, yaaay! 
…If you wanted to talk to Iris, why bother using the Kinematron? 
Whatever! This is stupid, we’re done here.
Kanna. Let’s end this call.
Yeah, I'm leavin’. <br> Later, Boss! 
Ah, those two… 
I’ll always be here if you want to talk, Mon Frère!
…I know. Thanks, Iris.
Now, what should I do now… 
Uhm… About that… 
…I suppose it was a mistake to pose such a question to someone so indecisive.
…Yeah, you’re right. He’s not gonna give a straight answer no matter how long we wait.
I don’t really feel like fightin’ anymore… Guess I’ll go ahead and leave the call.
Now that Kanna’s gone, I also feel as if I’ve lost my energy.
So I’ll go ahead and excuse myself. Take care, both of you.
That was great, Mon Frère! You stopped Kanna and Sumire's fight! 
Uh… I guess you could say that.
OK… What should I do next? 
Hello, this is Maria Tachibana. 
Hi, Maria. I thought that I should give you a call. 
Yes? Who am I speaking to? 
Oh! Maria, so this was your number? 
Yahooo! Iris here! 
Captain, Iris… Seems that you're both doing well. 
Let's talk on the main monitor. 
Wow, we can talk with Maria all the way in America! Amazing!!
Yes, Kohran’s invention is quite ingenious.
Thanks to the Kinematron, I get to see Iris’s cheerful face.
She’s been doing great. 
A little TOO cheerful.
She’s been doing great. 
A little TOO cheerful.
Uh… I'm here too.
Yeah, she's been doing great. Especially today. 
Ehehe! It's because I'm with Mon Frère! 
Having him come home has reaaally cheered me up! 
Is that so? I’m happy to hear that, Iris.
You truly have a way of bringing everyone together, Captain.
Hahaha… Well, sort of. 
Uh… I’m here too.
Oh, I'm sorry, Captain. I was giving Iris all of my attention.
I’m glad to see you’re doing well too, Captain. 
Mon Frère’s doing great because I'm with him! 
Yeah, Iris is a little TOO cheerful. She’s been a real handful.
Mon Frère, you meanie! Are you saying that I shouldn't be cheerful?!
She's right, Captain. That was a bit out of line.
Ah… S-Sorry, I was just joking around.
Even if you meant that as a joke, it won’t always be received as one. 
You need to watch what you say.
I-I'm sorry. I'll keep that in mind. 
… 
Ah… I'm sorry, Captain. I was giving Iris all of my attention.
No, don’t worry about me. You both seem to be having fun, so I don’t mind.
Thanks, Mon Frère! You’re so kind.
Iris, I won't be returning to Japan until the summer…
So make sure to mind the captain and listen to his orders. 
Okey-dokey! 
Well then, Captain. I'm going to end the call. Good luck over there.
It was nice to talk with Maria. Right, Mon Frère?
Yeah, it was.
…Maria's not answering. 
I wonder if she went to another room. 
Good afternoon. <br> It's time for Capital News. 
First, we have follow-up information on the explosions that rocked Ginza last month.
During the incident, the trams and buildings in front of the Imperial Theater were destroyed…
Army officials have denied eyewitness reports that humanoid steam-powered machines were responsible.
The cause of the damage remains unknown, but it is now widely believed to have been a steam pipe accident.
Next, we have news about the first appearance of the Imperial Assault Troop since last year.
The troop was believed to have been on hiatus since their battle in Tokyo Bay a year ago… 
But last month, they reappeared in Ginza to assist in the recovery efforts after the accident.
According to eyewitnesses, they were riding in newly upgraded Spirit Armors.
A completely different model was also seen within their ranks…
Now onto a more light-hearted topic. News about a very clever canine.
The genius dog, “Ben,” will finally begin performing in America.
Ben’s reluctance to leave his owner’s side has caused trouble for all involved with the event…
However, his owner has decided to accompany Ben to the US, finally making the show possible.
We hope Ben will be as successful in America as he has been here in Japan.
Finally, it's time for this week's weather forecast. 
A high-pressure system will advance over the Sea of Japan this week, leading to clear early summer skies.
Tourist spots across the capital are sure to be filled with many visitors. 
We wish you a pleasant weekend.
That's it for Capital News, brought to you by the Capital Daily Report. 
Due to an unstable signal, we ask that you please wait.
A red shadow opposes the evildoers lurking in the darkness of the capital. His name is Masked Red! 
Masked Red, the boy wonder of justice! Today he continues his fight for peace in the capital! 
Serial Radio Drama Masked Red, The Terrifying Mummy, Part 1 
On a hot summer's eve, a girl walks briskly down a gloomy, barren street. 
“Oh no. I'm going to be late for my koto music lesson…" 
She turns down a narrow alleyway, only to find a figure standing there. 
Suddenly a huge man looms over her, standing at least 2 meters tall. 
What's more, for reasons unknown, he's wrapped head to toe in pale brown bandages. 
The mysterious figure's eye seems to glint red, and a massive hand reaches down for the girl! 
“Eeeek! Someone, help me!" she screams. Then, at that very moment… 
“Stop right there!" calls a voice from atop a blazing red steam bike! 
“Oh my, it's Masked Red!" <br> "No need to worry, Miss, I'm here to help!" 
Masked Red leaps from his bike, looking dashing as his cape billows in the wind. 
Will our hero be able to rescue this damsel in distress? 
Fight on, Masked Red! You're our hero, Red! <br> To Be Continued
Go, Masked Red! <br> Fight on, Masked Red! <br> Tune in next time! 
Ah! It's gonna be 12 o'clock in five minutes, Mon Frère! 
Huh?! It's already that late?
Oh well… I should end the transmission. 
Quick, Mon Frère! Quick! 
O-OK, OK. We're going right away. 
It'll be 12 o'clock soon, so we better get going, Iris. 
Whaaat?! But I wanted to see you use the Kinematron!
But… We don't have much time… 
…Urgh! Then we shouldn't have come here in the first place! 
Yeah! 
OK, Mon Frère, let's go to another room! 
Yeah, let's. Where should we go next? 
Sorry Ogami, but customers are only allowed to purchase one of each bromide. 
I see. That's too bad. 
So sorry, Mr. Ogami, but customers are only allowed to purchase one of each bromide.
Oh, really? That's too bad. 
The jewel of the Pandemonium Regalia, entrusted to us by the Rose Division. 
Spirit Sword Arataka. The special sword of the Shinguji family. 
Divine Sword Shirahatori. Entrusted to me by Kaede. A special sword passed down by the Fujieda family. 
Luminous Blade Mukei. A special sword entrusted to us by Kazuma that once belonged to Major Yamazaki. 
Divide Blade Mekkyaku. A special sword entrusted to me by Yoneda. 
The uniform I wear at the theater. Good for both summer and winter. 
A lighter borrowed from the inn. 
The flower crown that Iris made for Reni. 
A plate used at the welcome party. I was asked to bring it to Sakura. 
A bromide of Sakura. 
A bromide of Sakura. This one is a limited edition only available at New Year's. 
A bromide of Sumire. 
A bromide of Sumire. This one is a limited edition only available at New Year's. 
A bromide of Maria. 
A bromide of Maria. This one is a limited edition only available at New Year's. 
A bromide of Kanna. 
A bromide of Kanna. This one is a limited edition only available at New Year's. 
A bromide of Iris. 
A bromide of Iris. This one is a limited edition only available at New Year's. 
A bromide of Kohran. 
A bromide of Kohran. This one is a limited edition only available at New Year's. 
A bromide of Orihime. 
A bromide of Orihime. This one is a limited edition only available at New Year's. 
A bromide of Reni. 
A bromide of Reni. This one is a limited edition only available at New Year's. 
A decorative paper ball for the welcome party called a kusudama. 
A flower vase for the welcome party.
The banner for the welcome party.
The Kinematron. One of Kohran's inventions that lets you see and talk to someone from far away. 
The sword of the Pandemonium Regalia, recovered from the Demon King. 
The mirror of the Pandemonium Regalia, recovered from the Demon King. 
Fragments of the broken Kinematron. Seems like the kids at the inn picked them up along the shore. 
A letter from Sakura. 
A letter from Sumire. 
A letter from Maria. 
A letter from Kanna. 
A letter from Iris. 
A letter from Kohran. 
A letter from Orihime. 
A letter from Reni. 
A scarf given to me by Sakura. It's knitted with red yarn - my favorite color. 
A scarf given to me by Sakura. It's knitted with blue yarn - my favorite color. 
A scarf given to me by Sakura. It's knitted with yellow yarn - my favorite color.
…()-.,!?? 
Welcome to Pompadour Chikamatsu's Fortune Telling. Here is what fate has in store for you. 
Your lucky color is peach. A fateful encounter will bring good luck. 
Your lucky color is purple. If you're a wise shopper, you'll be in luck. 
Your lucky color is red. Now is the time to move forward. Take the first bold step. 
Your lucky color is black. Choose stylish clothes for a different look. 
Your lucky color is yellow. Rather than thinking about things, go with your gut. 
Your lucky color is green. You can't do what you always do. Challenge yourself with new ideas. 
Your lucky color is pink. Don't get too worked up. Take a nap to improve your luck. 
Your lucky color is blue. Talking may ruin your luck. Stay silent every once in a while. 
Your lucky color is white. You will surely receive help from those around you. 
Cherish new encounters. But don't neglect your existing relationships. 
You will find a big wall before you, but there will always be a way forward. 
The place closest to Heaven is your lucky place today. You will find what you are looking for. 
The people closest to us are the least likely to understand. Time may solve your problems. 
It is the boldest action that will bring you luck. Act with your heart, not your head. 
You will have a strong partner to help you. It is good to rely on them. 
Today you will meet someone who will affect you for the rest of your life. Be careful. 
There are people who seek your help. Cherish your kindness. 
You're showing ripples in your water. Bold action will bring you luck. 
You've been through so much. Why not take a break from it all among nature? 
Cherish the opportunity to rest. Sometimes it's important to take a break. 
The more silent a person is, the more deeply they think about things. Be supportive of them. 
A major turning point awaits you. You may be betrayed by someone you trusted. 
People can always come to an understanding. Never give up. 
You have a fire hazard in your life. Be careful not to get burned. 
Tell them your honest feelings. They're sure to understand you. 
The white snow will bring you and your lover closer together. Go out on a snowy night. 
The key word is waves. Take a trip to the beach today. You may have a fateful encounter. 
Independence and ambition will be strengthened. Passion in your love life will lead to victory.
Your studies and work will go well. Being proactive in your ambitions will lead to increased luck. 
This week's money luck is wasteful. When in doubt, don't buy. 
Be careful with food. Try to avoid foods that cool you down. 
Your luck is at its peak this month. Especially this week, your love life is at its best. Be proactive! 
Luck and success will come your way. Start something new this week and it will bring you good luck. 
You will have luck with success and completion. You will get the approval and results you wanted. 
Now is the time to do what you've been hesitating to do. Things will go the way you think they will. 
Be careful with food. Try to avoid foods that cool you down. 
Your luck in love will soar this month. Venus is at a good angle. You'll be surrounded by good people. 
You'll get another chance. There are suggestions that you may get back together with an ex-lover or friend.  
This week, if you are proactive, you'll be noticed by those around you and see new developments. 
I sense extra income in your future. It's time to broaden your interests. Be careful with your spending. 
It seems you might hit your pinky toe against a wardrobe. Please be careful. 
If you have a crush, go on the attack! The trick is to push and then pull a little. 
Be cautious with your choices. If you are tempted by something dangerous, you may regret it. 
It's a time when circumstances are likely to change. Don't act rashly. Be cautious. 
If you're too aggressive, you might end up spinning out of control. It's good to take a look at yourself. 
Your health will gradually improve over the weekend. But don't stay up too late.
It's time for your integrity to shine. Your love life will take a turn for the better. 
You will become a person who can be counted on, working hard for others and giving them advice. 
Your doubts will disappear, misunderstandings will be cleared. Your fortune will improve but be cautious.
Maintain the status quo rather than moving forward. Indiscretion and vanity are a recipe for failure. 
Saving is hard. You'll have what you want by the end of the month. 
You'll meet a lot of people. But it may not lead to love. Take it easy this week. 
There is a hint of self-doubt. Don't make a move. It's a good way to keep your luck alive. 
Now is the time to take it easy. Don't rush, just go with the flow. 
If you spend money generously this week you may get twice as much back. But be wary. 
Your health will gradually improve over the weekend. But don't stay up too late.
Popularity is focused on one's mellow stories. Your love life is on the rise but only with one person.
It's a turning of the stars. Be careful of love triangles. 
Secrets are revealed, trust is lost, and unexpected pitfalls appear… 
Entertainment expenses are likely to be high. Don't be stingy, think of it as an investment. 
Be mindful of injuries and illness caused by carelessness. They'll add up and bring you trouble.
You are a devoted partner. Your feelings are clear. All you have to do is wait for their response.
Your lack of experience may cause you to stumble. Advice from an older person can turn your luck around. 
Your luck is going down… A humble attitude and calm judgment are the key to survival. 
You need to spread out your activities. Hang out with a lot of good people. Cherish the small encounters. 
Ride your bike along the river. You may come across some interesting incidents. 
This week, you will meet your ideal person. Your favorite restaurant will be the place to meet someone. 
There may be opposition from those around you. Don't be hard on yourself. Try to listen to them.
A balanced relationship and a serious approach to socializing will help you. 
If you try to do things out in the open, you might get sidetracked and end up striking out… 
Your money luck is going down this week. When in doubt, don't buy anything. 
Your relationship may progress. A date at a smart place like a museum or art gallery is recommended. 
Energy floods your whole body. You can be active in any situation. In love, you will be compatible. 
Your hard work has paid off. Work and relationships are going well. You are in good health. 
Your luck is at its peak. There may be times when you go too far. It's important to be considerate.
Be careful with your fingertips. The slightest injury could become a serious problem.