OK... Which number should I connect to? 
Oh, no! I didn't realize it was already 4 o'clock! 
Kohran must be waiting in her room! I gotta hurry!! 
Kohran just got back here. 
Now I can talk to her directly. 
Kanna already in here since last month, so I don't to call her anymore. 
Sumire's already back in here. 
Still, I was pretty surprised when she called me last month. 
Yes, I'm Maria Tachibana. 
Hey, Maria. 
Captain... It's been a long time. 
Right now I'm on an ship heading to Japan. 
If the trip goes well, I may arrive at the theater by tomorrow. 
I see... You're going back. 
Yes. I've been looking forward to seeing everyone. 
Well, I'm still on the ship, so I'll excuse myself. 
Maris is going back here. 
We're gonna have Flower Division at its full strength. 
...Maria's not answering. 
I'll be able to talk to her directly soon, though. Let's be patient. 
Good afternoon. This is Capital News. 
A month has passed since the Black Demon Society infiltrated the residence of Kanzaki Heavy Industry's chairman. 
Why did they appear in Kanzaki residence? 
And how why Imperial Assault Troupe responded immediately? There are many mysteries. 
The Capital Daily Report will continue to follow and reporting details of this incident. 
Next, we have another news regarding Kanzaki Group. 
We discovered that the day the Black Demon Society attacked Kanzaki residence... 
Coincides with marriage talk between Kanzaki family's daughter, Miss Sumire, and Viscount Makibishi's son. 
Miss Sumire later returned to the Imperial Assault Troupe and made her appearance in the summer production. 
She and Kanna Kirishime, the lead actress, gave a wonderful performance in front of the audience. 
In addition, the same summer performance also marked the debut of Miss Orihime Soletta in Japan... 
As a new member of Flower Division. 
Many were mesmerized by her brilliant performance that has been well-known in Europe. 
The audience is already looking forward to her main lead. 
Finally, it's time for this week's weather forecast. 
July comes, and it's about time for people around Japan to change their uniforms into summer uniform. 
Tokyo will have summer coming on with full force as well. 
A high-pressure system will cover the entire Kanto region, and some areas are expected to record its hot days. 
That's it for Capital News, brought to you by the Capital Daily Report. 
That concludes today's broadcast. We hope you will look forward to tomorrow's programming. 
A red shadow opposes the evildoers lurking in the darkness of the capital. His name is Masked Red! 
Masked Red, the boy wonder of justice! Today he continues his fight for peace in the capital! 
Serial Radio Drama Masked Red, The Terrifying Mummy, Part 3 
Masked Red chases the mysterious mummy into an old western house. 
The building has worn out, as if it hasn't been used for many years. 
The mummy's footprints are clearly visible on the dusty floor. 
Following the footprints, Masked Red descends into the basement. 
At the back of the basement, he sees lights coming through a large door. 
Inside, he saw the mummy earlier, and an elderly man with a white robe stands in front of it. 
Y-You're the genius scientist, Professor Kurogane! Are you the culprit behind all this?" 
Heh heh heh... Just as I expected from you, Masked Red. But, you won't get any further than this." 
After Professor Kurogane pressed a button, the floor where Masked Red steps has suddenly vanished. 
D-Darn it!" <br> Masked Red falls into a gaping dark hole. 
Oh gosh! Masked Red has fallen into Professor Kurogane's trap! What awaits him there?! 
Fight on, Masked Red! You're our hero, Masked Red! <br> -The End 
Go, Masked Red! Fight on, Masked Red! Tune in next time! 
I have an appointment with Kohran, so I better get this done. 
Oh, no! I didn't realize it was already 4 o'clock! 
Kohran must be waiting in her room! I gotta hurry!! 
Now... Where should I head next? 
Oh, boy... Looks like Kohran is angry. 
Welcome to Pompadour Chikamatsu's Fortune Telling... Here is what fate has in store for you. 
Your lucky color is peach. A fateful encounter will bring good luck. 
Your lucky color is Purple. If you're a wise shopper, you'll be in luck. 
Your lucky color is red. Now is the time to move forward. Take the first bold step. 
The lucky color is black. Choose stylish clothes for a different look. 
Yellow is your lucky color. Rather than thinking about things, go with your gut. 
Your lucky color is green. You can't do what you always do. Challenge yourself with new ideas. 
Your lucky color is pink. Don't get too worked up. Take a nap to improve your luck. 
Your lucky color is blue. Talking may ruin your luck. Stay silent every once in a while. 
Your lucky color is white. You will surely receive help from those around you. 
Cherish new encounters. But don't neglect your existing relationships. 
You will find a big wall before you, but there will always be a way forward. 
The place closest to heaven is your lucky place today. You will find what you are looking for. 
The people closest to us are the least likely to understand. Time may solve your problems. 
It is the boldest action that will bring you luck. Act with your heart, not your head. 
You will have a strong partner to help you. It is good to rely on them. 
Today you will meet someone who will affect you for the rest of your life. Be careful. 
There are people who seek your help. Cherish your kindness. 
You're showing ripples in your water. Bold action will bring you luck. 
You've been through so much. Why not take a break from it all among nature? 
Cherish the opportunity to rest. Sometimes it's important to take a break. 
The more silent a person is, the more deeply they think about things. Be supportive of them. 
A major turning point awaits you. You may be betrayed by someone you trusted. 
People can always come to an understanding. Never give up. 
You have a fire hazard in your life. Be careful not to get burned. 
Tell them your honest feelings. They're sure to understand you. 
The white snow will bring you and your lover closer together. Go out on a snowy night. 
The key word is waves. Take a trip to the beach today. You may have a fateful encounter. 
Your independence and ambition will be strengthened. If you are passionate about your love life, you will be victorious. 
Your studies and work will go well. Being proactive in your ambitions will lead to increased luck. 
This week's money luck is wasteful. When in doubt, don't buy. 
Be careful with food. Try to avoid foods that cool you down. 
Your luck is at its peak this month. Especially this week, your love life is at its best. Be proactive! 
Good luck and success will come your way. Start something new this week and it will bring you good luck. 
You will have the best luck with success and completion. You will get the approval and results you wanted. 
Now is the time to do what you've been hesitating to do. Things will go the way you think they will. 
Be careful with food. Try to avoid foods that cool you down. 
Your luck in love will soar this month. Venus, the planet of love, is at a good angle. You'll be surrounded by wonderful people. 
You'll get another chance. There are suggestions that you may get back together with your ex-lover or friend. 
This week, if you are proactive, you'll be noticed by those around you. You'll see new developments. 
I am sensing extra income in your future. It's time to broaden your interests. Be careful with your spending. 
It seems you might hit your pinky toe against a wardrobe. Please be careful. 
If you have a crush, go on the attack! The trick is to push and then pull a little. 
Be cautious with your choices. If you are tempted by something dangerous on the spot, you may regret it. 
It's a time when circumstances are likely to change. Don't act rashly. Be cautious. 
If you're too aggressive, you might end up spinning out of control. It's good to take a look at yourself. 
Your health will gradually improve over the weekend. But don't stay up too late. This is a time when your integrity will shine through. 
It's time for your integrity to shine. Your love life will take a turn for the better. 
You will become a person who can be counted on, working hard for others and giving them advice. 
Your doubts will disappear, your misunderstandings will be cleared up. Your fortune will gradually improve. Be cautious for now. 
Maintain the status quo rather than moving forward. Indiscretion and vanity are a recipe for failure. 
Saving is hard. You'll have what you want by the end of the month. 
You'll meet a lot of people. But it may not lead to love. Take it easy this week. 
There is a hint of self-doubt... Don't make a move. It's a good way to keep your luck alive. 
Now is the time to take it easy. Don't rush, just go with the flow. 
If you spend money generously this week you may get twice as much back. But be wary how you spend it. 
Your health will gradually improve over the weekend. But don't stay up too late. This is a time when your integrity will shine through. 
Popularity is focused on one's mellow stories. Your love life is on the rise. But you'll only love one person. 
It's a turning of the stars. Be careful of love triangles. 
Secrets are revealed, trust is lost, and unexpected pitfalls appear... 
Entertainment expenses are likely to be high. Don't be stingy, think of it as an investment. 
Injuries and illnesses resulting from carelessness. A small accumulation could become a big deal. 
You are devoted to your partner. Your feelings have been conveyed. All you have to do is wait for their response. 
Your lack of experience may cause you to stumble. Advice from an older person can turn your luck around. 
Your luck is going down... A humble attitude and calm judgment are the key to survival. 
You need to spread out your activities. Hang out with a lot of good people. Cherish the small encounters. 
Ride your bike along the river. You may come across some interesting incidents. 
This week, you will meet your ideal person. Your favorite restaurant will be the place to meet someone. 
There may be a lot of opposition from people around you. Don't be too hard on yourself. Try to listen to their opinions. 
A balanced relationship and a serious approach to socializing will help you. 
If you try to do things out in the open, you might get sidetracked and end up striking out... 
Your money luck is going down this week. When in doubt, don't buy anything. 
There's a chance to make progress in your relationship. A date at an intellectual place such as a museum or art gallery is also recommended. 
Energy floods your whole body. You can be active in any situation. In love, you will be compatible. 
All your hard work has paid off. Your work and relationships are going well. You are in good physical and mental health. 
Your luck is at its peak. There may be times when you go too far. It's important to be considerate of those around you. 
Be careful with your fingertips. The slightest injury could become a serious problem. 
... "" "" () - . , ! ? ?! !! 
