It's a photo of Sakura. She's looking right at me. I wonder what she's thinking...
It's a photo of Sumire. This is a side of her you don't see too often.
It's a photo of Maria. ...She's lost in thought and looks kind of sad...
A photo of Kanna. She looks strong and reliable. I can't wait to meet her.
A photo of Iris. She's surrounded by flowers and flashing a radiant smile.
A photo of Kohran. She looks good in her traditional outfit. What kind of person is she?
A letter given to me by a customer. I was asked to give it to Sumire. I have a bad feeling about this...
Maria's pistol. This may help me escape from here...
A hair ornament. It's decorated with flowers and looks very elegant.
A brooch. It's a beautiful piece of delicate craftsmanship.
A hairpin for use in a traditional bun hairstyle. It would complement a formal outfit well.
Jean Paul the teddy bear. Iris's best friend. She always carries him with her and takes good care of him.
This key will allow me to enter rooms I couldn't get into before.
I found this in a bedroom on the second floor. Now I can get into the room at the back.
A teacup Iris asked me to get for her. It has a very stylish design.
A matchbox Iris asked me to get for her. The brand logo is very colorful.
A knife Iris asked me to get for her. Just a normal utensil you'd use during a meal.
A prop sword and shield used onstage. They're well made and look just like the real thing.
A prop crown used onstage. It's well constructed and incredibly detailed.
A wig and costume used onstage. I wonder what kind of act could use a flashy outfit like this?
A photo of Sakura in her swimsuit. Wow, this is really something. I'm gonna treasure this.
A photo of Sumire in her stage costume. Her distinctive makeup really makes an impact.
A photo of Maria during a performance of "All For Love." Even in a man's uniform, her beauty shines through.
A photo of Kanna in her training gear. Catching her in a private moment like this feels surprisingly intimate.
A photo of Iris in her swimsuit. She's holding a rubber ring and looks ready to have some fun. How cute.
A photo of Kohran. I don't get to see her with her braids undone very often. It's a nice look.
A photo of Ayame in a traditional outfit. I hope she'll always be as happy and content as she is here.
Ayame's gun. Why...? Why did it have to turn out like this...?
Nothing I can do here. I'd better check somewhere else...
There's no one here. I'd better check somewhere else...
I'd better check somewhere else...
I'm not making any progress here. Maybe I should go to the manager's office and talk to Lt. Gen. Yoneda.
The more I wander around this place, the more it seems like a normal theater...
Imperial Navy Ensign Ogami-san Ichiro:
As part of a special mission, you are hereby ordered to take up a new post as captain of the following corps:
'The Imperial Combat Revue, Anti-Demon Interception Squad, Flower Division.'
Furthermore, your mission is a highly-classified one for the sake of the defense of the capital.
You are to head to Ueno Park to join up with the corps. 
Imperial Army Lieutenant General. <br> <sp> <sp> <sp> <sp> <sp> <sp> <sp> ~Yoneda Ikki
……Ogami Ichiro.  As of today, you will be transferring to the Imperial Combat Revue, Flower Division.
Yes, sir!  Ichiro Ogami, prepared to work to the utmost limits of my abilities, sir!
Yes……  Excellent reply.
A politician such as myself can not discuss the military secrets of the Combat Revue with you here.
For further detail, ask Lieutenant General Yoneda. He is the commanding officer of the Imperial Combat Revue.
Now then, head for Ueno Park.  I expect you to live up to the expectations I had when I recommended you as captain.
Understood, sir!  Ichiro Ogami, now proceeding to Ueno Park!
The sanctity of the capital rests in your hands.  Do your best.
Yes, sir!
Ah, what nice weather!  And the Ueno cherry blossoms are in full bloom.
Now then…… Where do you suppose the meeting place is……? I guess I'll try walking around a bit more.
That reminds me……  I believe Ueno Park was where that monster disturbance happened just a while ago……
Apparently, the one who cut down that monster, with one blow, was a young girl……
……………………
He said someone from the Imperial Combat Revue would come to meet me; when do you suppose they'll show up?
What's this?  That girl……
…!  She's coming this way……
Ye-yes.  I happen to be Ogami…
Um…  Forgive me, but, who might you be?
……From Lieutenant General Yoneda?
(I'd heard someone would be coming to meet me…… but I never would have expected it to be a woman……)
Um, excuse me…… would you happen to be from the Imperial Combat Revue!?
Ah……  I'm Imperial Navy Ensign Ichiro Ogami.
Still…… to think a young woman like yourself would be a member of the squad……  Frankly, I'm a little surprised.
Ah, n-no……  It's not that……
(……I suppose only in a covert squad would it not be unusual to find female squad members like her……)
Eh - theater…… you say!?
I'm on duty! <br> First tell me more about you.
I'm on duty! Sorry, but I don't have time to see a play right now.
Ehh!?  The base of a covert squad is inside a theater!?  That can't be……  No, wait a second?
In order to conceal oneself from the enemy's eyes, first do so from one's allies.  I see.
First I'd like to know more about you.
I see - that's an excellent attitude.  I'm relieved to hear those words.  That is how a member of a secret corps should be.
……That would mean the Imperial Combat Revue has something like a secret weapon, wouldn't it?
(Koubu?  Ahh…… the name of the secret weapon.  I wonder what sort of thing it is.)
Ye-yes!  If you would, please.
(Why do I need to go to a theater……?)
(Is she really…… a member of the Imperial Combat Revue?)
O-oh, no!  It-it's nothing!
(It couldn't be…… I'm overthinking this.  This girl knew my name, didn't she?)
Ye-yes!  If you would, please.
So this is the Grand Imperial Theater that was newly built last year…..  I never would have expected it to be right in the middle of Ginza……
It's a big building……
Surely, no one would notice that the headquarters of a covert squad are inside a theater like this……
Wow……  What an impressive entrance way.  Still, it seems a bit careless not to have a lookout posted……
Still…… it's rather quiet, isn't it.
(Performing at night? <br> ……Does she mean nighttime drills?)
Huh!?
(Wh…… who is this kid!?)
Ah…… I'm…… Imperial Navy Ensign, Ichiro Ogami.
(A child like this…… is a member of a covert squad?)
J……just what was that girl all about?
Sakura's left, too……  That's no good.
There's nothing I can do about it.  I guess I'll just go see Lieutenant General Yoneda myself......
……Who could that be?  It sounded like a voice just came from the dining hall……
(Wah! <br>  ……Wh-what a bold outfit!)
……My-myself, you mean!?
Ye- yes, ma'am……
Why should I have to do that? <br> Why, certainly.
Why should I have to do such a thing……?  I refuse!
In the first place, that's no way to make a request of someone!
……I happen to be Imperial Navy Ensign Ichiro Ogami, transferred as of today to the Imperial Combat Revue.
Fired you may say, but without a decree from the Navy's General Headquarters, I cannot leave.
…………!
……Hello, I'm Ogami. Um, where might Lieutenant General Yoneda be?
Through this way? <br> Thank you very much.
Why, certainly. <br>  ……Here, there you are.
(Huh……?)
……I happen to be Imperial Navy Ensign Ichiro Ogami, transferred as of today to the Imperial Floral Assault Group.
I wish to personally convey the message to Lieutenant General Yoneda……
…………!
Waah! <br> Wh-what are you doing all of a sudden!?!
Um, excuse me…… <br> Wh-where might Lieutenant General Yoneda be!?
……It's Ogami.
Ye- yes, ma'am……
Why should I have to do such a thing……? I refuse!
In the first place, that's no way to make a request of someone!
(Haah?)
(That's all well and good for her to say all of a sudden, but…… just who is this woman!?)
I happen to be Imperial Navy Ensign Ichiro Ogami, transferred as of today to the Imperial Floral Assault Group.
Fired you may say, but without a decree from the Navy's General Headquarters, I cannot leave.
…………!
……Hello, I'm Ogami. Um, where might Lieutenant General Yoneda be?
Through this way? <br> Thank you very much.
……So this is the office of the head secretary of the Imperial Combat Revue, his Excellency, Lieutenant General Yoneda……
Lieutenant General Yoneda…… An active strategist in the Russo-Japanese War…… What sort of a person is he?
Ah…… Forgive me. I'm Imperial Navy Ensign, Ichiro Ogami.
I would like to see his Excellency, Lieutenant General Yoneda……
Miss Maria Tachibana……
……She seemed a bit rigid. Still, at least I've finally met someone who seems to be a member of the army.
But, this training or whatever……? Is she practicing something?
Now then…… I can finally have an audience with his Excellency, Lieutenant General Yoneda.
(There are no openings in either her outfit or her posture.)
(Nice body...)
(Is this the color they call platinum blonde?)
(What pretty golden hair......)
(So she's a foreigner…… Huh? But she was speaking Japanese just now.)
(I wonder what country she's from.)
Ah…… N- no!
(What lovely green eyes...)
She has such a grave expression……
(...Glorious...)
(Yes. ... ... Big ... ...)
……
……Excuse me!!
As of 12:00 today, Imperial Navy Ensign Ichiro Ogami, newly transferred to the Imperial Combat Revue,
Reporting for duty!
(Wh…… who is this drunken old man!?)
(Th……this man…… couldn't possibly be……!?)
Are you really…… his Excellency Lieutenant General Yoneda? <br> How can you drink sake in the middle of the day!
……Um…… are you…… really…… his Excellency Lieutenant General Yoneda?
Fo- forgive me!
How can you drink sake in the middle of the day?!
Are you really that Lieutenant General Yoneda? You seem quite different from the rumors I've heard……
I had heard Lieutenant General Yoneda was a hero of the Russo-Japanese War and the greatest strategist the Army has.
No…… <br> I hadn't said that much.
……I understand. But given that I have been transferred to the Imperial Combat Revue……
For the harmony and safety of the citizens of Teito…… I intend to fight with my life on the line!
……
I see…… So I'll be in disguise for this mission. That's just what I'd expect of a covert squad!
Understood! Ogami Ichiro, now proceeding to duty!
Yes, sir!
Ah, Mr. Ohgami……
Ah…… he's spotted us.
Sakura and…… Iris, was it? What are you doing here?
Look, Sakura. This is why Iris said "we'd better run!"
……Well, you said, "let's go check on how he's doing," didn't you?!
And you said, "let's go, let's go!"
(……It seems the two of them were eavesdropping.)
It's not right to eavesdrop! <br> Tell me where the reception desk is.
Here, now!! It's not right to eavesdrop!
……I'm sorry.
What!? <br> And here Iris thought she'd show Onii-chan around!
Well Iris doesn't care about Onii-chan anymore! So long, bye-bye!
Ah, Iris! Wait right there!
Call Iris back. <br> Have Sakura lead the way.
Wa- wait, Iris! I guess I said a little much. I'm sorry.
Sniff…… But, aren't you…… angry at Iris?
Ahh, what trouble you cause…… <br> Iris, don't cry. I'm not angry……
E-heh-heh, thanks. Onii-chan, you're real nice, huh.
……That Iris. Tricking us with crocodile tears…… What nerve.
By the way, I'm sure you two would know, but……
Could you tell me the way to the reception desk, I wonder? It's my first duty here.
...I may have gone to far, but it's a lesson she needs to learn...
I'm sorry…… <br> It's partly my fault for not being more careful.
I'm just as much to blame. Anyway, Sakura, can you tell me where to find the reception desk?
You...did overhear why I need to go there, right?
Erk! ...Really, now...Don't tease me like that, Ogami.
Yes, I know your first duty will be at the reception desk. Come on, let's go together.
I'm sorry…… <br> It's partly my fault for not being more careful.
I'm sorry. I'm worried about Iris, so…… forgive me.
Ah…… Just a second…… ……She's gone.
……That's no good. Here I've finally just received my first official duty and I don't even know where the reception desk is.
Ensign Ogami, is something the matter?
You're…… <br> Miss Maria Tachibana…… <br> right?
Yes, that's right. It seems you've already met with Manager Yoneda.
Yes. I've already received my first official duty. I was told to change into these clothes and head for the reception desk.
Until I get used to it, I think I'd like to learn about my job a little at a time.
I see. That's an excellent attitude.
By the way, do you happen to know where the reception desk is?
Ah…… that's right! And here I meant to ask how to get there……
……In that case, I'll show you the way.
Really? That would really help.
……It's a simple task. Please, come with me. It's very close.
Anyways…… I was wondering, could I perhaps trouble you to tell me where the reception desk is?
It's my first task here. I'd like to get to the reception desk as soon as possible.
Here, now! What are you making a fuss about in front of the manager's office!?
Ah…… you're-! <br> The one from earlier……
Hey, Maria, listen! <br> Sakura says……
All I said was that I'd show Ogami-san around, but Iris, here……
Both of you, stop that at once. It's almost time for practice to start, isn't it?
……As for the Ensign, I'll show him the way. You two head for the dressing room.
Oh, that's no fun.
Well then, Ogami-san…… Good luck with your work.
Now then, Ensign Ogami. I'll show you to the reception desk.
……Ye-yes, ma'am. If you would, please.
In that case, I'll lead the way. Come on, Ogami-san. Let's go.
No! Onii-chan is going with Iris! Let's go, Onii-chan!
Ask Iris to show the way. <br> Ask Sakura to show the way. <br> Ask both to show the way.
Sakura escorted me to the theater...So Iris, why don't you help me out this time?
Yeah! Let's go, let's go! See ya later, Sakura.
I-I see. I'd best be going, then...Go ahead, Iris...
C'mon, oniichan! Follow me!
Sakura, can I ask you to take me? My apologies for making you show me around all day...
It's no trouble at all. Shall we get going?
Well, hmf! I don't care about you anymore! So long, bye-bye!
Ogami...Iris left her parents behind in France and is staying here alone.
She tries to be strong, but she's really lonely.
So...please be kind to her, all right?
I hadn't realized...
Well, I'll show you to the reception desk. Come on, let's go.
Now, both of you, don't fight. Let's all go together. ……You wouldn't have any problem with that, right?
……Mm.
I'm sorry, Iris. I was being immature too.
No, it's all right. If everyone is going together, then Iris is happy.
Ha-ha-ha, now this is like having a flower in each hand. Well then, lead the way, if you would.
(Things look like they could get disastrous if I say the wrong thing…… I guess I'll just keep quiet.)
Here, now! What are you making a fuss about in front of the manager's office!?
Ah…… you're-! The one from earlier……
Hey, Maria, listen! Sakura says……
All I said was that I'd show Ogami-san around, but Iris, here……
Both of you, stop that at once. It's almost time for practice to start, isn't it?
……As for the Ensign, I'll show him the way. You two head for the dressing room.
Oh, that's no fun.
Well then, Ensign…… Good luck with your work.
Now then, Ensign Ogami. I'll show you to the reception desk
……Ye- yes, ma'am. If you would, please.
Ogami-san, this is the reception desk.
I see. You really helped me out by showing me the way.
The scissors should be inside the desk. I have practice, so I'll be going now...
Ah...Wait a minute, Sakura...
What job am I supposed to do? <br> What do you mean, scissors? <br> Good luck with your practice!
...By the way, what kind of work am I supposed to be doing here?
What? Didn't you hear from Manager Yoneda?
He told me that the new captain was going to do the clipping.
Clipping? What does that mean?
It's the job of cutting guests' admission tickets.
Whaa? The work is cutting tickets?! What kind of special mission is that?!
I don't know...I'm afraid I have no idea. I'm sorry.
Excuse me, young man. How long do you expect us to wait? You'd better hurry up and cut those tickets.
Today Sumire-chan has the lead role in "Evening of the Camellia Princess." Hurry up!
Oh...I have to go now, Ogami. Good luck!
(What is the meaning of this……? This isn't what I was told!)
What do you mean…… scissors? How do I use them?
The shape is a little strange, but they work the same as normal scissors, so you'll get the hang of it soon.
I have practice now, so please excuse me. Good luck, Ogami.
...Aww, she's gone.
I wanted to ask her what I'm supposed to be doing with those scissors...
Excuse me, young man. How long do you expect us to wait? You'd better hurry up and cut those tickets.
Today Sumire-chan has the lead role in "Evening of the Camellia Princess." Hurry up!
W-what do you mean? I'm not in charge of tickets!
But here you are, wearing a ticket clipper's outfit. And aren't those the scissors?
Ee!? Can it be……that this is my secret duty……
In charge of cutting tickets!? Th-that's insane!
Good luck with your practice, Sakura! ...Although I don't know what kind of practice it is.
Thank you! I hope your clipping work goes well too, Ogami!
(... ...Clipping?)
...Aww, she's gone.
Oniichan, here's the reception desk.
Thank you. You really helped out by bringing me here.
I've gotta go practice now. Look, here's the scissors. Bye-bye. oniichan.
Ah...Wait a minute, Iris...
What job am I supposed to do? <br> What do you mean, scissors? <br> Good luck with your practice!
...By the way, what kind of work am I supposed to be doing here?
I dunno. Old Man Yoneda said something about "cutting tickets."
I guess he meant snip-snipping the tickets for the guests?
Whaa? The work is cutting tickets?! What kind of special mission is that?!
It sounds like fun, so I'm happy for you, oniichan! I've gotta go now, so bye.
...What is the meaning of this? I thought I cam here to be captain of the Imperial Assault Force...
What do you mean…… scissors? How do I use them?
Ehh, Onii-chan, you don't know how to use scissors? A-ha-ha-ha, you're funny.
You put them in your hand, go snip-snip, and you can cut anything.
Uh, no, what I meant to ask was, what should I do with these scissors?
Ah, Maria's gonna get mad if I don't get to practice! See you later, oniichan!
...I've changed clothes and I have these scissors...What am I supposed to be doing?
Good luck with your practice, Iris! ...Although I don't know what kind of practice it is.
Thanks, oniichan...You're such a nice guy! ...See you later, bye-bye!
...Hahaha, she's so cute and innocent.
...Aww, she's gone.
Yo bro, how long are you going to keep us waiting? Hurry up and clip my ticket!
Today Sumire-chan has the lead role in "Evening of the Camellia Princess." Hurry up!
Wh-what are you talking about? I'm not in charge of the tickets.
But here you are, wearing a ticket clipper's outfit. And aren't those the scissors?
Ee!? Can it be……that this is my secret duty……
In charge of cutting tickets!? Th-that's insane!
Ogami-san, this is the reception desk.
I see. You really helped out by bringing me here.
Onii-chan, the scissors are inside the desk! Well, Sakura, let's go!
You're right, Iris. Ogami-sab, we have practice, so….. please excuse us.
Ah……wait a second, you two……
What job am I supposed to do? <br> What do you mean, scissors? <br> Good luck with your practice!
Aww...They're both gone.
...By the way, what kind of work am I supposed to be doing here?
What? Didn't you hear from Manager Yoneda?
Old Man Yoneda said he was gonna have you cut the tickets.
Cut the tickets? What tickets am I going to be cutting?
It's the job of cutting guests' admission tickets.
Whaa? What's that supposed to mean?! What kind of secret assignment is this?
I don't know...I'm afraid I have no idea. I'm sorry.
Excuse me, young man. How long do you expect us to wait? You'd better hurry up and cut those tickets.
Today Sumire-chan has the lead role in "Evening of the Camellia Princess." Hurry up!
Sakura, if we don't go soon, they're gonna start practice without us.
Ah...you're right. W-well, Ogami, we'll be going now.
(What does this mean...the stories don't match up!)
What do you mean…… scissors? How do I use them?
Ehh, Onii-chan, you don't know how to use scissors? A-ha-ha-ha, you're funny.
You put them in your hand, go snip-snip, and you can cut anything.
Ah…… Iris. We've got to get to training now……
You're right. <br> Well, Onii-chan, bye-bye!
……I just wanted to find out what I should use the scissors for, that was all……
Hey, sir. How long are you going to keep us waiting? Hurry up and clip my ticket!
Today Sumire-chan has the lead role in "Evening of the Camellia Princess." Hurry up!
Wh-what's with these people? I'm not in charge of the tickets.
But on your uniform it says you're in charge of cutting tickets. And you've got the scissor's, don't you?
Ee!? Can it be……that this is my secret duty……
In charge of cutting tickets!? Th-that's insane!
You two, good luck with your practice! ……Though I don't know what sort of practice it's supposed to be.
Thanks, Onii-chan. Onii-chan, you should come by later and see, too!
Now then, Ogami-san, good luck with your ticket-clipping job too!
(……Ticket-clipping?)
Ah…… Iris. We've got to get to training now……
You're right. <br> Well, Onii-chan, bye-bye!
……They're gone.
This is the reception area.
Thank you very much, Miss Maria.
……Since you are a superior officer, you may feel free to drop the "Miss" and just call me Maria.
The scissors should be inside the desk. Now then, I have practice, so please excuse me.
Ah, Miss Mari…… rather, Maria. <br> Wait just a second!
What job am I supposed to do? <br> What do you mean, scissors? <br> Good luck with your practice!
...By the way, what kind of work am I supposed to be doing here?
...Aww, she's gone.
Ensign Ogami...Did you not hear about this from the Manager?
Manager Yoneda had said that he was going to have you do the clipping...
Clipping? What does that mean?
It's the job of cutting tickets for our guests.
Whaa? A job cutting tickets?! What kind of secret mission is that?!
...Ensign, the guests are already lining up.
Hey, sir. How long are you going to keep us waiting? Hurry up and clip my ticket!
Today Sumire-chan has the lead role in "Evening of the Camellia Princess." Hurry up!
Coming in direct contact with the audience is a very important job. Now then, please do your best.
(What is the meaning of this……? This isn't what I was told!)
What do you mean…… scissors? How do I use them?
They're scissors used for clipping the tickets. You should be able to figure out how to use them soon enough.
Huh? Scissors for clipping the tickets? Why would I need to use such a thing?
Thank you, Maria. If it's an Assault Force training session, I'll stop by myself later.
...Training?
Huh? ...I must have assumed wrong. When you said "practice," I thought you meant some kind of training.
...Yes, of course we are diligent about such training.
But right now, we're about to practice our lines.
(Practice lines? Does she mean a briefing about some secret code the corps uses?)
Now, if you'll excuse me, Ensign. Good luck with your work.
T-thank you.
...By the way...What kind of work will I be doing?
Yo bro, how long are you going to keep us waiting? Hurry up and clip my ticket!
Today Sumire-chan has the lead role in "Evening of the Camellia Princess." Hurry up!
Wh-what's with these people? I'm not in charge of the tickets!
But on your uniform it says you're in charge of cutting tickets. And you've got the scissors, haven't you?
Ee!? Can it be……that this is my secret duty……
In charge of cutting tickets!? Th-that's insane!
Hey, ticket cutting man. How long are you going to keep us waiting? Hurry up and clip my ticket!
Y-yes. Umm…… where do I put the scissors?
What the…, are you new here?! Man, you're wasting time.
Y-yes sir! Please hold on just a second!
(……Wasn't my mission to be captain of a covert squad?)
Customers! As for myself, I may be clipping tickets now, but in actuality, I am……
I am the captain of the Imperial Floral Assault Group! <br> ……I'm just in charge of clipping tickets.
The truth is, I am the captain of the Imperial Floral Assault Group, Flower-Division!
Huh??
There's no role of captain in the Flower-Troupe.
In the first place, there's no way you, a man, could be in the Flower-Troupe!
(……H-how can this be?! She doesn't believe me in the least!)
(No! <br> The Imperial Floral Assault Group, Flower-Troupe, is a secret corps…… I mustn't let its name slip!)
……Though I may be clipping tickets right now, the truth is…… I am in charge of clipping tickets, after all.
Sir, are you all right!? Ah! It's already this late! ThenFlower-Troupe's performance is going to start!
(She just said "Flower-Troupe"…… Why would an ordinary person know the name of a covert squad……?)
(……No. As the captain of a secret corps I can't afford to say such foolish things.)
What an uncivil ticket-clipper! Ah! It's already this late! The Flower-Troupe's performance is going to start!
(She said "Flower Troupe"...Why would a civilian know the name of the secret corps...?)
Uh, um……
Ah, sorry. The scissors, the scissors. ……All right, there you are.
Um…… Do you happen to like Kanzaki Sumire?
She's just my type. <br> I don't care much for her……
Yes, though I haven't talked to her much yet, she is the type I like.
Eh!? You've had the chance to talk with Sumire!? I really envy you……
Oh yea! Um…… Could you possibly deliver this letter to Sumire for me?
Just tell her it's from a huge fan of hers. Please!
Y-yes sir…… understood.
No, I don't care for her very much……
What did you say!? You don't understand that grace and elegance of hers!?
To think someone like you is working in this theater…… How deplorable a situation!
(I think the fact that an Ensign of the Imperial Navy is clipping tickets in a theater is pretty deplorable, too……)
I'm terribly sorry. I can't answer such questions.
……I see. Forgive me……
Um…… I'm…… a fan of Sumire. P-please, give her this letter!
W-well then, I've got to be going…… I'm begging you!
Ah, j-just a second! Please, wait!
(Hmm - just what sort of a letter…… is this?)
Hey! Ticket-clipper man, here's my ticket!
Ye- yes. Let's see…… now where do I clip a child's ticket?
Ah, this guy's new here! He doesn't even know how to clip tickets!
Handle the situation calmly. <br> Glare at the boy.
Here you are, boy. Here's your ticket.
Keep it up just like that.
(Wh-what an impertinent brat!)
Mister, do you think it's such a good idea to glare at your customers like that!?
(You brat…… Get lost already!)
What's the matter? Say something.
(Damn it…… you brat! Getting all cocky when I'm trying to keepnquiet!)
……No matter what, this is just too odd. Just what makes thisnticket-clipping a secret mission!?
……All right. If it's come down to this, I'll try hearing what the other squad members have to say. I may be able to learn something.
And if I'm not satisfied with that, I'll just have to question Lieutenant General Yoneda!
……Now then. Where should I go first?
Ye-yes. What is it?
Tsubaki, is it.
Hmm…… so she's a salesgirl. She's a rather energetic girl.
……Now then, where should I go?
…Excuse me…  Are you Ensign Ogami Ichiro?
I'm Shinguji Sakura.
I received instructions from Lieutenant General Yoneda to provide escort for an Ensign Ogami.
Yes!
Imperial Floral Assault Group, Flower-Troupe, Shinguji Sakura.
Pleased to make your acquaintance.
Do you find women difficult to rely on?
……Now then, let's proceed to the Grand Imperial Theatre.
You're mistaken.  Inside the Grand Imperial Theater is the Imperial Floral Assault Group headquarters.
The essentials of the art of war, indeed.
Now then, let's proceed.
About me, you say……?
Untranslated
I'm still causing trouble all the time for everyone in the Tei-Geki.
But in order to defend Teito, I intend to work hard even if it means placing my life on the line.
Making the 'Kohbu' work is a tough job.  But as fellow rookies, let's do our best together.
Come, Lieutenant General Yoneda is waiting!  Let's go!
Ogami-san, this is your first time here, isn't it.  Now then, let's go inside through the main lobby.
Untranslated
 Well, today we're only performing at night……
Ahah? <br> Onii-chan, are you Miss Sakura's boyfriend?
Iris! <br> You mustn't tease your elders.
This is Ensign Ogami Ichiro, newly transferred to the Imperial Floral Assault Group.
Imperial Floral Assault Group, Flower-Troupe, Iris.
And this is Jean-Paul, the bear, Iris's very special friend.  Get along nice with him.
Say, Sakura……
What's the matter?
This Onii-chan has spiritual energy too……  He'll be fighting in a 'Kohbu,' won't he.
That's right.
Iris…… hates war……
Untranslated
Don't worry, Iris.  Come on, let's go to your room.  I'll read to you from your Mother Goose book.
Okay.
Ah, Ensign Ogami.  Lieutenant General Yoneda is in the manager's office.
Well then, I will now be excusing myself.
Someone!  Please lend me a hand!
Ah!  You there!
Who else is there?  Stop looking like a fool and come here!
I wonder if you wouldn't perhaps pick up that dropped fork and exchange it for a new one for me?
My, then you mean to say I should pick it up myself?
You dare to suggest that the only daughter of Kanzaki Heavy Industries, and the star actress of this theater, and, and……
…the top lady of Japanese high society, I, Kanzaki Sumire, should pick up a fork dropped on the floor!?
That is what you are saying, is it not?! You are fired! I shall report this to the manager and see to it that you are fired!
Ah…… <br> My, oh, no…… <br> O-ho-ho-ho-ho-ho-ho……
No wonder I thought I hadn't seen a waiter like you before…… <br> Forgive me.
Let's see - Ensign Ogawa, was it?
Untranslated
Untranslated
Untranslated
Mr. Yoneda is in the manager's office within.
Thank you.  By the way - I, the top star here, Kanzaki Sumire, have been cast aside…
…and before I was even aware, Miss Maria was made leader of our drama group.  What do you think of all this?
Honestly, that old fool Yoneda!  He has no eye for people!
Oh my, what shall I do!  How rude of me.  Ho-ho-ho-ho-ho……
Let's just keep what I said just now a secret from Mr. Yoneda!  Is that clear?  (Chu!)
Eh-heh, there's no need to be shy.  That was just to see that the favor's returned……  I mean, just to see you off.
Ahh, Mr. Yoneda is in the manager's office. But is this absolutely clear? You are not to mention what I just said to anyone!
Do you understand, Ensign Ogawa?!
Enough, begone!!
Who might you be?
So you're Ogami Ichiro, newly transferred to the Tei-Geki.
Pleased to meet you. <br> I'm Maria Tachibana.
Is there…… something on my face?
Lieutenant General Yoneda is in the manager's office. I have training, so if you'll excuse me……
And one more thing, just as a warning. You shouldn't stare at a woman's face! Now then, excuse me!
Hey, come on in.
Yeah, I heard the news from Count Hanakoji. Now then, there's no need for formality.
In the first place, y'know, this is the Grand Imperial Theater. You can't use that military talk.
Well, how 'bout a round!?
Idiot! <br> What's the big idea with this "are you really" bit!?
What's the matter, you can't figure out who a person is if he hasn't got any medals on?! I'm Army Lieutenant General Yoneda Ikki!
Damn fool!
Okay! As long as you understand, that's fine enough. Now then, I will now entrust you with your first mission!
Rumors……? <br> Hey, what sort of rumors!? Huh? Spit it out!
The greatest strategist the Army has…… and, he's the manager of the Grand Imperial Theater.
And on top of that, <br> a drunken old man……
And that's what you don't like.
That is what you're saying! <br> But you know, Ogami-san……
No matter how much distinguished military service I've performed and how many medals hang from my chest, I've killed a whole lot of people.
Both enemies and allies…… <br> I've killed far too many.
So, what's wrong with this? Being the manager of a theater!
Splendid! Er, rather…… that's just splendid indeed! Now then, here's your first duty!
Why, you're a real uncivil fellow, aren't you. Well, no matter. Now then, here's your first duty!
Untranslated
Untranslated
Untranslated
Because when it comes down to it, this is a secret corps, after all.
I thought I told you that you don't need that formal talk! Now go already!
Welcome to our shop. Good morning! What can I do for you?
Untranslated
Ah, Ogami, welcome! What can I do for you?
I hope I was able to be of service. Thank you very much for coming by!
Uwah!
Ah, hello?...Yes yes, hello.
Yes, he's here...just a little while ago. Well, I'm going to wait a bit longer, see how things shake out...
But you know, Hanakoji...the matter of this secret corps is a tough pill to swallow.
We drive these girls onto the battlefield, while all we can do is sit back and watch. As an Imperial soldier, well...it's humiliating.
And yet, right now they are the only ones who can operate the Koubu.
That's why I'm making it a point to protect these girls, while giving them as much freedom as possible.
If only we could make use of that young one...
Oho, looks as though he's come by to complain. Well, goodbye for now...
Ah, good morning. You're Ogami, right? I'm Yuri Sakakibara!
I do the theater's office work. I'm looking forward to working with you!
Oh my, did you come by to see me? Hee hee, only teasing you!
Do you need me for anything?
I hope I was able to be of service.
It's nice to meet you, Ogami. I'm Kasumi Fujii.
I'm the theater's office work manager.
Do you need something?
Good work today.
Untranslated
Untranslated
Untranslated
Untranslated
Untranslated
Untranslated
Imperial Navy Ensign Ogami-san Ichiro:
Untranslated
Heheheh...
Come on, Ogami. What do you think would happen if we didn't? A riot, that's what...
We'd be playing right into their hands.
Thank you so much for today.
It's a good thing you were here, Ogami.
Heeey, why sho sherioush? Lighten up, willya?
Oh my...up closhe, you sure are handshome! Hic! You're my type, y'knooow?
The battle against these enemies has just begun, so don't get too carried away...
Untranslated
Untranslated
Untranslated
Y'know...I like you an awful lot, oniichan.
I'll let you be my boyfriend, so don't go cheating on me!
Chug it, chug it all down! Ogami! You're on ticket duty again tomorrow!
Ahahaha...
Untranslated
Untranslated
Ahahaha...
Untranslated
What's the matter? <br> You seem distracted.
What's the matter? You seem distracted.
Now then, let's go.  Lieutenant General Yoneda is waiting.
But, before long, we'll be opening up, and the audience will come pouring back in.
Just a moment, you! Can you not hear what I am saying?
Cease your daydreaming, and pick up that fork right away!!
Change into this and go to the reception desk! Hmph, in soldier's uniform like that you can't help standing out.
Hello? Excuse me.
Will you be with us starting today? Nice to meet you! I'd like to speak with you.
I'm Takamura Tsubaki. I'm always working at the gift shop here.
I've got photos of all the group members here, so please stop by to visit anytime!
Untranslated
Come again!
Ohh goshhh, I was only joking!
Hee hee. Thanks, Ogami.
Oh, okay then. I got it!
Hee hee. You're a hoot, Ogami!
Seriously, don't give it another thought.
It's fine, Ogami. Don't worry yourself over it.
Nice to meet you. You're Ogami, right? I'm Kasumi Fujii, the theater's office manager.
I'm sorry to impose, but would you mind coming with me to the secretary's office to fill out some new-hire forms?
I'm afraid it's regulation, but it shouldn't take too long. I hope you understand.
Um...did you hear me, Ogami?
Then I'll guide you there. This way, please.
If you wouldn't mind, please fill out these forms for me.
Yes, that's fine. Thanks very much.
Untranslated
Untranslated
S-stop...just what's gotten into you?
I'm looking forward to working with you again, Ogami!
Huu, huhuhu...Come on, Ensiiign, let'sh keep drinking!
Guess whooo~?
My name is Shinguji Sakura.  I've just come here from Sendai.  I'm a complete newcomer who's just joined the Tei-Geki.