It's a photo of Sakura. She's looking right at me. I wonder what she's thinking…
It's a photo of Sumire. This is a side of her you don't see too often.
It's a photo of Maria. …She's lost in thought and looks kind of sad…
A photo of Kanna. Kanna's signature strength comes through clearly.
A photo of Iris. She's surrounded by flowers and flashing a radiant smile.
A photo of Kohran. She's looking pretty in profile with her face dyed red by the evening sun.
A letter given to me by a customer. I was asked to give it to Sumire. I have a bad feeling about this…
Maria's pistol. This may help me escape from here…
A hair ornament. It's decorated with flowers and looks very elegant.
A pretty pendant. The delicate workmanship is gorgeous.
A hairpin for use in a traditional bun hairstyle. It would complement a formal outfit well.
This key will let me enter rooms I couldn't before.
I found this in a bedroom on the second floor. I can use it to access the back room.
A teacup Iris asked me to get for her. It has a very stylish design.
This is the matchbox Iris asked for. Its logo is quite colorful.
A knife Iris asked me to get for her. Just a normal utensil you'd use during a meal.
A prop sword and shield used onstage. They're well made and look just like the real thing.
A prop crown used onstage. It's well constructed and incredibly detailed.
A wig and costume used onstage. I wonder what kind of act could use a flashy outfit like this?
A photo of Sakura in her swimsuit. Wow, this is really something. I'm gonna treasure this.
A photo of Sumire in her stage costume. Her distinctive makeup really makes an impact.
It's a photo of Maria on stage in the military uniform from "For Love"… She's a beautiful woman disguised as a man.
A photo of Kanna in her training gear. Catching her in a private moment like this feels surprisingly intimate.
A photo of Iris in her swimsuit. She's holding a rubber ring and looks ready to have some fun. How cute.
A photo of Kohran. I don't get to see her with her braids undone very often. It's a nice look.
A photo of Ayame in a traditional outfit. I hope she'll always be as happy and content as she is here.
Ayame's gun. Why…? Why did it have to turn out like this…?
Jean-Paul the teddy bear. Iris's best friend. She always carries him with her and takes good care of him.
……Phew. It was tough this time, eh?
But… Sumire often fought with Kannan
Alright, you've both made up, right? Everyone lived happily ever after.
Ahh… What have I done to deserve this? My stomach is killing me.
Ahh, thank you. It seems Sakura blew me off but…
Oooh…My stomach….Oooooooh… Won't somebody help me?
First Setsuna and now Rasetsu, defeated…
Only two of my Four Lords of Death remain… how pathetic.
Again, I am truly sorry.
However, I have but one goal! I must complete the Hexagram of Demon Invocation!! I will not balk from sacrifices!!
Of course…
Rend, ye skies! Shatter, ye earth! All ye myriad tears become a great river, all ye countless drops of blood become an ocean, and give to me your power!
Go forth, Miroku, Satan!!
Ha~!
Hey hey hey hey hey! All you demons and monsters out there listen up!
You've got guts picking a fight with me, Son Goku, first disciple of Sanzo Hoshi.
I'll send the lot of you to the other side. Give thanks and rest in peace!!
Ha! Know your place, you stone monkey! Such impertinence to the physical embodiment of beauty and love you see before you!
I, the demoness, will send you to the depths of Hell!! Ohohoho!!
Prepare yourself! You…you god damn…s, s, snake of a woman!
What the?! You big, stupid monkey!!
Ah!?
Hieeeeee!?… *Whack*…
What on Earth are you doing!? Do you even know how to act!?
What!? You're the one messing it all up!! Stupid hag!!
What did you just call me? You stupid monkey! Imbecile! I'll teach you some manners!
Oh here we go! Bring it on!
Untranslated
What is that face you're making, Ogami?
Stay strong, Ogami!
Dowahhh!! S, snake! Snakes snakes snakes! Uwahhh!! Uwoaaaaah!!
Uwahhhh! Gyaaaahh!… snake…
Kyaaaa!! S, s, spider!! A, a, spider… spider…
Kyaaaa! I'm gonna die! Ahhhh I can't take it! Go away! Go away!
My father is the president of Kanzaki Heavy Industries. And my mother is a motion picture star.
Neither of them were ever home. Even on my birthday. It was a tragic day.
Untranslated
Untranslated
Untranslated
Untranslated
Back when I was a kid, it was training, training… nothing but training…
I don't think I ever heard my dad say a single word that didn't have to do with karate.
Untranslated
I just kept trying to catch up to him…
Untranslated
Untranslated
Untranslated
Untranslated
So the ley line is here… just as we expected… hahaha…
Well then, let's begin! We shall take control of this ley point!
The Hive of Darkness has arrived!!
Dammit! Now, of all times!
Come on out and face me, you cowering rats!!
Sorry for keeping you waiting!! Is everyone alright!?
Alright! Prepare to sortie immediately!!
Alright! Let's give 'em hell!!
Looks like all the players are here.
Sumire……
What is it….?
You….Somehow you did it.
You too~! Well, you didn't do quite as much as I did but…
Ke~! Watch what you say, dummy!
Untranslated
No good! I require assistance! Kya~!
Are you OK, Captain?
It will be just splendid if you'd leave it alone!
Untranslated
Untranslated
Untranslated
Untranslated
Untranslated
That's right! Both of you please stop this instant!
Untranslated
Untranslated
What did you just call me!
Hu, it's starting soon…a party for fools
But isn't it the job of the captain to resolve trouble amongst the troops?
The chief expects you to resolve the issue and that's why he decided on those particular members, don't you think?
Even I don't know what the enemy plans to do once they have cast a spell on Teito.
Isn't it your responsibility to find that out, Ogami?
Ogami…I understand how hard it is with Sumire and Kanna, and the Hive of Darkness.
But you can't let your
Kanna! The enemy fled because you had to raise your voice like that!
S, sir! P, p, please get rid of the snake! Q, quick!
Ngh… good grief! I can't believe how useless you are! I'll chase the enemy!
Ahh! You idiot! You chased off the enemy, yelling like that!
S, s, sir! S, s, spider! Get it away! Quick!
Dammit, what the hell are you doing, getting all hysterical at a time like this! Sir, I'm gonna chase the enemy!
Untranslated
Untranslated
And I got bit by a snake.
Untranslated
Untranslated
I ended up stumbling right into a spider nest…
It was so horrible… I cried and cried… and no one came.
Anyway, Sumire…Weren't you bitten by a spider?
!! I had completely forgotten about that! We must q-quickly get back and treat this or else the s-s-s-spiders venom will…!
Wait…speaking of…weren't you bitten by a snake, Kanna?
Huh? Ahhhh~!! I totally forgot! T-this is no good! Snake's venom!
Leave this to me! It just so happens that I brought along a poison detector!
Why does Kohran always conveniently carry these kinds of things…?
I just need to hold the detector up to the wound and… wait for the results
Both of you are lookin' fine! Ain't no snake venom, no spider venom, no reaction at all!
Just as I thought! Oh-ho-ho. As if I, Kanzaki Sumire, would be done in by a spider. Not a chance!
Damnit Sumire! If you really knew that then why were you freaking out so much?!
Ahh~, It seems we're back to the usual Sumire and Kanna.
Not much to be done about it, huh? But it appears they're fighting like good friends, if I do say so myself
It should be pretty easy to see why they get along, honestly.
They both despise the Hive of Darkness, that's enough, right?
Welcome to our shop. Good morning! What can I do for you?
Ah, Ogami, welcome! What can I do for you?
Untranslated
