It's a photo of Sakura. She's looking right at me. I wonder what she's thinking...
It's a photo of Sumire. This is a side of her you don't see too often.
It's a photo of Maria. ...She's lost in thought and looks kind of sad...
A photo of Kanna. Kanna's signature strength comes through clearly.
A photo of Iris. She's surrounded by flowers and flashing a radiant smile.
A photo of Kohran. She's looking pretty in profile with her face dyed red by the evening sun.
A letter given to me by a patron. I was asked to give it to Sumire. I have a bad feeling about this...
Maria's pistol. This may help me escape from here...
A hair ornament. It's decorated with flowers and looks very elegant.
A brooch. It's a beautiful piece of delicate craftsmanship.
A hairpin for use in a traditional bun hairstyle. It would complement a formal outfit well.
Jean-Paul the teddy bear. Iris's best friend. She always carries him with her and takes good care of him.
This key will let me enter rooms I couldn't before.
I found this in a bedroom on the second floor. I can use it to access the back room.
A teacup Iris asked me to get for her. It has a very stylish design.
This is the matchbox Iris asked for. Its logo is quite colorful.
A knife Iris asked me to get for her. Just a normal utensil you'd use during a meal.
A prop sword and shield used onstage. They're well-made and look just like the real thing.
A prop crown used onstage. It's well-constructed and incredibly detailed.
A wig and costume used onstage. I wonder what kind of act could use a flashy outfit like this?
A photo of Sakura in her swimsuit. Wow, this is really something. I'm gonna treasure this.
A photo of Sumire in her stage costume. Her distinctive makeup really makes an impact.
It's a photo of Maria on stage in the military uniform from "For Love"... She's a beautiful woman disguised as a man.
A photo of Kanna in her training gear. Catching her in a private moment like this feels surprisingly intimate.
A photo of Iris in her swimsuit. She's holding a rubber ring and looks ready to have some fun. How cute.
A photo of Kohran. I don't get to see her with her braids undone very often. It's a nice look.
A photo of Ayame in a traditional outfit. I hope she'll always be as happy and content as she is here.
Ayame's gun. Why...? Why did it have to turn out like this...?
What was that light that saved us when we were underground? It seemed so unearthly...
...The girls' spiritual power? But that would mean...
Huh? Mine?
Maybe we'll talk about that if I ever learn to operate Koubu myself...
*sigh*
A...catalyst?
...
Huh!?
......
......
Waaaaah!
Commander! It's Sakura...
Ugh... Aaaaaah!
Hmph... So this is the Six Star Summoning...
Hahahahahaha!
I'm Tenkai, leader of the Black Web! Now every living being in Teito has witnessed my awesome power!
I'll use these powers to clean Teito of all filthy Western blood...
In no time, the glorious Tokugawa shogunate will be restored!
Miserable citizens of Teito! You have only one hour left to live!
That means I'll grant the government time until 4 in the night to disband and bow down to me!
As a sign of your submission, you'll hand over 10 billion from the Teito Bank and Lt. Gen. Yoneda!
If you don't meet my demands, Teito's demise will be unavoidable! Waaahahahahaha!
These demands are crazy... This is an outrage! We'll ignore him!
We can't risk the lives of all the people in Teito! What's your decision, Prime Minister?
One hour left... We can't give up hope.
Count Hanakoji... Can't Lt. Gen. Yoneda's outfit help us? The Imperial Floral Assault Troop?
Yes. I just contacted him.
I think we should stop them... No, we MUST stop them!
We can't allow this country to regress to a shogunate!
He wants my life? Fine then! Tenkai! You can have it, but I'll take yours in return!
Minister!
Out of my way! After he's gone to so much trouble, I don't want to disappoint him!
Lieutenant General! There's still one hour left! Please let us do our job!
Minister!!
All right, fine! I expect you to do your worst!
They've really grown dependable... And that includes him.
Yeah.
This is...
Ha!... Aa....
If you want to protect someone you love... you have to stand up and face it!
Untranslated
Untranslated
The enemy is above the gate in which the demon is sealed.
Untranslated
Untranslated
Untranslated
Untranslated
Untranslated
Untranslated
Untranslated
Untranslated
That's why these girls were assigned to the revue...
Do you understand Ogami?
Untranslated
Untranslated
Looks like you're back to being a ticket collector, Onii-chan! Hee hee.
We need to repair the broken Koubu and have them ready for the next battle!
This is no time to back down!
Untranslated
Untranslated
Ha ha ha!
That's not all. You have a power all your own.
Ogami, do you understand why you were assigned leadership of this corps?
Is that all?
You are a catalyst.
Indeed. Their spiritual power far surpasses that of normal humans.
However, that means nothing if they have no way to channel this vast potential into something productive.
Their powers can even rebound on the users on occasion. We needed someone to teach them all to focus, to work together in pursuit of a common goal.
Under your leadership, the members of the revue have been able to fully exercise their talents for the first time in their lives.
Heh. Maybe I'm exaggerating. Don't want you getting a swelled head, now do we? Ha ha ha.
Hey there Ensign, Commander! What are you two whispering about over here? Secret guy talk?
Now the enemy are out of the picture, we can concentrate on our performances again!
Untranslated
Oh my, of course!
Whoa! What gives? Why'd you start screaming all of a sudden?
Sorry, I just realized - haven't we forgotten something?
Oh...! You mean...that?
Now you mention it, we haven't done that yet.
No time like the present. Let's do this!
All right, everyone line up. Here we go...
Strike our victory pose, and...!
Yay!
C-Commander?!
Aw, I wanted to say it!
I just thought I'd give it a try for a change.
What are we gonna do with you...
Now now girls, it's not that big a deal, is it? Come on, laugh with me! Ha ha!
Ha ha ha!
Untranslated
Guess whooo~?
Guess whooo~?
Welcome to our shop. Good morning! What can I do for you?
Ah, Ogami, welcome! What can I do for you?
Untranslated
