It's a photo of Sakura. She's looking right at me. I wonder what she's thinking...
It's a photo of Sumire. This is a side of her you don't see too often.
It's a photo of Maria. ...She's lost in thought and looks kind of sad...
A photo of Kanna. Kanna's signature strength comes through clearly. 
A photo of Iris. She's surrounded by flowers and flashing a radiant smile.
A photo of Kohran. She's looking pretty in profile with her face dyed red by the evening sun.
A letter given to me by a patron. I was asked to give it to Sumire. I have a bad feeling about this...
Maria's pistol. This may help me escape from here...
A hair ornament. It's decorated with flowers and looks very elegant.
A pretty pendant. The delicate workmanship is gorgeous.
A hairpin for use in a traditional bun hairstyle. It would complement a formal outfit well.
This key will let me enter rooms I couldn't before.
I found this in a bedroom on the second floor. I can use it to access the back room.
A teacup Iris asked me to get for her. It has a very stylish design.
This is the matchbox Iris asked for. Its logo is quite colorful.
A knife Iris asked me to get for her. Just a normal utensil you'd use during a meal.
A prop sword and shield used onstage. They're well-made and look just like the real thing.
A prop crown used onstage. It's well-constructed and incredibly detailed.
A prop crown used onstage. It's well constructed and incredibly detailed.
A photo of Sakura in her swimsuit. Wow, this is really something. I'm gonna treasure this.
A photo of Sumire in her stage costume. Her distinctive makeup really makes an impact.
It's a photo of Maria on stage in the military uniform from "For Love"... She's a beautiful woman disguised as a man. 
A photo of Kanna in her training gear. Catching her in a private moment like this feels surprisingly intimate.
A photo of Iris in her swimsuit. She's holding a rubber ring and looks ready to have some fun. How cute.
A photo of Kohran. I don't get to see her with her braids undone very often. It's a nice look.
A photo of Ayame in a traditional outfit. I hope she'll always be as happy and content as she is here.
Ayame's gun. Why...? Why did it have to turn out like this...?
Ayame's gun. Why...? Why did it have to turn out like this...?
...Yes.
... no...
...Yes!
Untranslated
Untranslated
Untranslated
Untranslated
Untranslated
Untranslated
Untranslated
Untranslated
Untranslated
Untranslated
Untranslated
Untranslated
Untranslated
Untranslated
This is the end of the world... the end...
Greed... wrath... envy... The spirit cannon is powered by all of humanity's vices.
Whan Lord Satan's prayer is completed, this fire will mark the 12th hour...
And then, the light of darkness will wash over the world and turn it black! 
HAHAHA!
Hihihi... The Shogeimaru's measly cannons can't even scratch the fortress's front gate.
And what did I do? I just sat in my chair, sending those girls into battle...
I'm a failure as a soldier.
But still, I loved you more than anyone and would have done anything to protect your lives...
But Ayame... We cannot leave this world to the demons!
Looks like Yoneda pulled out his trump card.
Even so, it will all be in vain.
Let's get out our trump card as well, then...
Go and give them my regards, my Three Knights of Twilight...
Something's wrong with the main engine. Our power output is going down fast!
The auxiliary engines are all out of action! There's no way we can fix them on the fly!
Port-side cannons, out of action!
Yaaaaaargh!
Untranslated
What?! Even the Mikasa is no match for them...?
This doesn't change our objective! We must protect the capital at all costs!
Oh, Lord... Even if it costs me my life, please, let justice be done...!
Our main cannon's been completely destroyed!
What?!
The port-side anti-aircraft cannons have caught fire!
Nraaargh!
We've lost our auto-flight regulators! We won't be able to stay in the air much longer!
Switch to manual controls! I'll take the helm. We're not done yet!
Commander! The spirit cannon energy is increasing rapidly!
What?!
The third main gun is destroyed! All main cannons are down!
The main engine is overheating!
We've lost all combat capabilities!! If we don't do something, the spirit cannon-...!
OK! You all escape!
Commander!!
Commander?....What are you doing?
Me? Heh, I've got one last weapon. One last ace up my sleeve.
What? Wait, you can't mean-...!
Escape!
Commander!
Escape!!
y....yes!
Ayame! he he...As a soldier this is a good place to be given to die.
I appreciate it!
Everyone give it your all!! Our target is the Demon Fortress!!
Don't underestimate humanity!
Attack!!
Lucifer was once worshiped as a leader of the angels and the archangel closest to God...
In order to be the most powerful he went against his father and was defeated after a fierce battle.
God the father expelled Lucifer from the heavenly world. He dropped him into the bottomless underworld.
That was the beginning of Hell.
So Lucifer became the eternal enemy of God. That was the creation of Satan, king of all demons.
Come....
The time of judgement has come.....this world will return to the darkness from whence it came.
Weep, ye heavens, tremble, ye Earth, this day will mark the beginning of a great age of darkness!!
On this day all my ambitions will be fulfilled!
Come!!
Untranslated
Untranslated
Untranslated
Untranslated
Untranslated
Don't waste your time with this! If you do, you are selling your soul to the devil!
Untranslated
Light.....huh?
Please stand up....
I am the archangel Michael...
When the eternal sinners who follow Satan, and their Lord, Satan who guides them, are revived...
So, too, am I revived.
I was sealed in this body of flesh.
Now, stand. If you wish to save the world, stand and fight for it on your own feet!
Protecting justice is not an easy thing. At times you must step over the bodies of fallen comrades and fight on.
But, if there are hearts wherein dwells unfailing courage...
Wherein dwells a love that connects all humans... In the end, these hearts shall prevail!
No matter what evil looms, hope will always shine in the hearts of mankind.
Now go, show the world the true power of justice!
I give you the blessings of your Father in Heaven.
Ah... gh... grhhh... aghhh
Ahhhghh.... Mi... chael...
Come home with me, Satan. Our Father, which dwells in Heaven, awaits you.
Michael. Are you saying that I am forgiven?
God's time is eternal, as is His love.
There is no sin so great it cannot be washed clean.
Michael.
You're not alone. Come.
Nraggggh!! Silence!!
I apologize for nothing! I regret nothing! Not my rebellion against Father, nor my fall to Hell!
The 'love' of Heaven is not but a falsehood! I will never understand our Father's tolerance for these humans!
That is why I kill, that is why I spread misery, that is why I will destroy this living world!!
You see nothing but the present!!
But no love will be born from this day! There will no longer be a Heaven above!!
Humans are more suited for living in fear, trembling in darkness and despair! Haha... HAHAHA!!
I will withdraw for now. But, as long as humans exist, I shall be reborn time and time again!!
Satan! Return with me!!
I don't need Heaven's light!! I have lived by the sword, and now I will die by the sword!!
Satan...
Thank you, Imperial Combat Revue.
But, sadly this does not mean an end to the fighting.
You're true fight is just beginning.
Untranslated
Untranslated
Farewell, everyone.
Hey! That's not a face a man should make. Pull yourself together!
That is more acceptable.
Fare thee well, Ogami.
Untranslated
Untranslated
Untranslated
Untranslated
Commander...
No... Sorry, I was lost in thought.
I could ask you the same thing.
I see... This enemy we're about to face seems almost invincible...
To be honest, I have no idea if we are powerful enough...
But still, we have to fight... we have to beat him!
So we can protect what's important to us...
Captain! What are you saying?!
You shouldn't joke about something like that! I don't even want to think about it...
I believe in you... we all do.
Commander...
Of course...
What do you mean?
Commander, that's...
I... Maybe I've become weak.
This moment in time... I can't bear the thought of it passing. I never felt like this before.
Commander...
Mr. Ogami. What are you doing here?
I can see in your face that's not true. There's something, I don't know...
Something sad about it...
But... Mr. Ogami! What happened!? Why are you so...
You see? My heart... It's pounding like crazy.
We're all in this together. And I bet we all feel the same, more or less.
I'm afraid too. If I was alone I'd probably be petrified...
I'm not as strong as everyone else yet... not as strong as my father.
But everyone's there for me... And you always have a word of encouragement for me. That gives me the strength to fight!
I can keep going because of you!
Don't ever call yourself pathetic!
You keep me going...
And that's why you have to fight! No one else will protect Teito, and the future of mankind!
Let's keep fighting, Mr. Ogami... You and me together!
Everyone's on the bridge. They're waiting for their commander... for you!
Ogami!
Yes, ma'am!
Do not be discouraged by such a thing! That would be like selling your soul to the devil!n
Don't let yourself be discouraged by this! That would be like selling your soul to the devil!n
Are you getting discouraged by this! That's like selling your soul to the devil!n
Stop
Well then, with this kind of think I can not help! If that is the case you will be selling your soul to the devil!
Come!!
Come!!
Come!!
Come!!
Come!!
Untranslated