Yesterday sure was crazy, but it was a fun summer vacation nonetheless. 
Well, I suppose a plebeian vacation like that isn't so bad every now and then. 
By the way, Chief, what were you up to while we were at the beach? 
Yeah, I wanted to play with you, Mon Frère! 
Hahaha, sorry, sorry. I was busy with something. 
Speaking of which, Maria wasn't there either. 
Yeah, Maria, where the hell were ya?! 
I was also busy. Sorry I couldn't join you all. 
You're so weird, Maria. We came all this way and you didn't swim even once! 
... 
Hmhmhm... 
Hahahaha! 
Wh-What's this all of a sudden? You're creepin' me out! 
S-Sorry, it's nothing. 
All right, everyone, let's go home. 
Full steam ahead to the Imperial Theater! 
Sorry, Ogami, but each customer is only allowed to purchase one photo at a time. 
I see. That's too bad. 
So sorry, Ogami, but each customer is only allowed to purchase one photo at a time. 
Oh, really? That's too bad. 
Shiro 
Hanamaru 
Dai 
Torte 
Long 
Altair 
Hund 
Shiro 
Hanamaru 
Dai 
Torte 
Long 
Altair 
Hund 
Sakura 
Sumire 
Maria 
Kanna 
Iris 
Kohran 
Orihime 
Reni 
The jewel of the Pandemonium Regalia, entrusted to us by the Rose Division. 
Spirit Sword Arataka. The secret sword of the Shinguji family. 
Divine Sword Shirohatori. Entrusted to me by Kaede. A secret sword passed down in the Fujieda family. 
Luminous Sword Mukei. Shinnosuke Yamazaki is the original owner. A secret sword entrusted to me by Kazuma. 
Divine Blade Mekkyaku. A secret sword entrusted to me by Yoneda. 
The uniform I wear at the theater. Good for both summer and winter. 
A lighter borrowed from the inn. 
The flower crown that Iris made for Reni. 
A plate used at the welcome party. I was asked to bring it to Sakura. 
A photo of Sakura. 
A photo of Sakura. This one is a limited edition only available at New Year's. 
A photo of Sumire. 
A photo of Sumire. This one is a limited edition only available at New Year's. 
A photo of Maria. 
A photo of Maria. This one is a limited edition only available at New Year's. 
A photo of Kanna. 
A photo of Kanna. This one is a limited edition only available at New Year's. 
A photo of Iris. 
A photo of Iris. This one is a limited edition only available at New Year's. 
A photo of Kohran. 
A photo of Kohran. This one is a limited edition only available at New Year's. 
A photo of Orihime. 
A photo of Orihime. This one is a limited edition only available at New Year's. 
A photo of Reni. 
A photo of Reni. This one is a limited edition only available at New Year's. 
A decorative paper ball from the welcome party. 
A flower vase from the welcome party. 
The banner from the welcome party. 
The Cinematron. A communication machine invented by Kohran that lets you see and talk to someone from far away. 
The sword of the Pandemonium Regalia, recovered from the Demon King. 
The mirror of the Pandemonium Regalia, recovered from the Demon King. 
Fragments of the broken Cinematron. Seems like the kids at the inn picked them up along the shore. 
A letter from Sakura. 
A letter from Sumire. 
A letter from Maria. 
A letter from Kanna. 
A letter from Iris. 
A letter from Kohran. 
A letter from Orihime. 
A letter from Reni. 
A scarf given to me by Sakura. It's knitted with red yarn - my favorite color. 
A scarf given to me by Sakura. It's knitted with blue yarn - my favorite color. 
A scarf given to me by Sakura. It's knitted with yellow yarn - my favorite color. 
... "" "" () - . , ! ? ?! !! 
